I wouldn't know I'm not a sports fan at all
Chiefs and fans piss me off Like you only have one championship and no one remembers #GenerationGap



Chiefs and fans piss me off Like you only have one championship and no one remembers #GenerationGap
lol
Suck on him
lol chicly is a little asshole my type of party lol
chucky I'll just start and lock 🔐 him in a room and burn it down
yeah same here can't handle lots of demon movies anymore guess it's my age before I could watch them with no problem
I can't handle exorcist
yeah I can't handle those movies either they give me major anxiety while trying to sleep
only demons scare me 😳
he's now mine too much for me to handle
is the homie
I do but my favorite is Friday the 13th Michael scars the living hell out of me
you don't like john carpenters Halloween
yeah I just finished watching that movie and now I'm watching hocus pocus
ha Sydney broke her phone 📱 in nerve
I like Emma movies though don't like her in scream queens though
to each his own but I find Emma sexier
yeah I guess I find Teresa sexier for some reason
Emma Roberts is sexy
I love me some Emma Roberts and Teresa Palmer



yah otoh now and later should be destroyed and sent to hell
they are so... juicy
i feel as though starburst via sheer size advantage are the more immersive fruit experience
well i would say skittles but also starburst are up there
what is the pinnacle of artificial fruit? this is a debate i am for atm
m&amp;ms aren't in the skittles class of artificial fruit though, also Mars/hershey chocolate is objectively low rent
if im gonna dement its gonna be because i enjoyed good ass m&amp;ms
yeah that's the good stuff baby
still not as good as M&amp;Ms but both contain blue 1 which can cross the blood brain barrier and may cause neurocognitive probs
enough, what about skittles
tl;dr version: six flags growth is slowing/mb dunzo and may miss their projections but execs paid themselves like they would hit it anyways
instead, they just show up later in the year.
this means that while you still have to staff the parks for peak periods in summer, there are fewer guests generally arriving on off days
also addition of events has potential dilution effect wherein lieu of expanding attendance numbers, same amount just disperse over calendar
very real possibility that their business plan is beginning to hit a wall. expanding season passholder base has natural limits.
six flags will indicate that expansion of holiday event should bring in new revenue, but trend of per cap spending drops shouldnt be ignored
Q3 revenue was also down in peak months by 3% and EBITDA was down roughly the same amount. earnings per share down 34%
problems: guest spending is trending down over the year, with per cap spend 1% lower in Q3 than Q3 2015 and up for year by less than 1%
in order to achieve this goal, SF would need to grow EBITDA by just under 14% from '15-17. this would be considered "aggressive"
six flags income dropped 24% in Q3 b/c of compensation to executives for their likely success of "project 600" ($600m in adj EBITDA by '17)
fun w/numbers on six flags Q3 press release: a tweetstorm



this is my block. I got my goons on the ready, don't try me
boyyyyy I hope I do catch you in these streets so I can fuck you up 😤
oh yeah, we definitely throwing hands. ON SIGHT. Don't let me catch you on my block
we can throw hands, box, scrap, do karate, whatever you prefer 🤗
we throwin hands now
you heard me 🤔
excuse me? 🤔
don't let it happen again 🤔
you right you right, sorry for doubting you 😌
of course not, not to my future husband 🙂
idk. Would you? 🤔
you really think I would lie to you Edgar? 😕
quit lyin lol
you didn't know? 🤔
wait you're Hispanic? 😳
gotta keep in touch con mi parte hispana💃🏼
I see you! 🤘🏼
This Selena playlist got me jammin



okay! Haha oh! I work 3-8 so would you rather get brunch??
teach me how on Thursday lol
I'm telling you that venue is easy to sneak into!!
thanks asshole hahaha
LOLLLL so fucking glad I bought mine &amp; don't have to deal w that shit 😂
fuck yeah they are You should see the page right now lol it's flooded with crazy people that are hungry to go😂
hella milking haha I wonder if ppl are actually buying bc seeing ppl willing to buy 200$ LOL
RIGHT!!!! That went out the window when it it sold out lmfao
BRUHHHH WTD ppl are not plur hahahaha
LMFAO Friday tickets on CL are 350☠️☠️☠️
check craigs list!
yes lol that's where I've been trying to find tickets but so are thousands of others too lol
I mean 🙄🙄🙄🙄 do you follow the "rave exchange SoCal buy/sell" on fb?
lol I'm not a pretty Asian girl like you that can just walk in 😂😂😂
sneak in!!!
Friday is extinct though !
Saturday?? Booooo
My escape ticket seller just flaked on me!!Still looking for 2 single Saturday tickets to escape



damn but I'm not even gonna lie that used to be me with frozen😅
Used too
wtf do you watch it like everyday
I know every word in that movie
I didn't watch all of it cause Brielle wanted to watch it and she fell asleep but I watched like half and it was really good
moment of truth.. did you like lone survivor ..
oh my god it was the greatest movie ever I thought he died at first so I started to cry
now see why we love it so much m, and how good was Home
oh most definitely I'd get some good ass sleep too
you would of fell asleep like 4 hours ago
hell no buy on some real shit that probably would've helped
rip Hannah
I'm watching Netflix hoping that would help but it just makes me wanna watch more so I might have to
Rt.. listen to Kodak he helps
I wish I could
the shit you should be doing
What is sleep



By running away and never coming back
of course you have I shouldn't have ever doubted🐝😍how we celebrating leaving the prison then?
DW I got this all covered 😎
oh👀awks...not too big though right? I've got little hands remember 🙄
It's a fucking rock
I am trusting your taste in 💎💎
I'm pretty good
I'm yet to get used to your superior ways lou🙄you impress too much
What do you take me for an amateur?
you know my ring size 😍😍😍
Got the ring already, good deals here 💵💎
buckers wedding plans can start 👀
We've waited so long for this moment 🎉🎈
I'm absolutely buzzing🐝🐝for my main BF to be free
Counting them down GF
🎉🎉🎉
30 days until I'm free forever 👽✌🏼️



I'm not trying to convince you of anything, just laying it out for you. Your response is entirely up to you
Not to mention, what a pathetically transparent "don't worry your head about why they don't believe" argument.
I know the scripture, which says that God knows your heart and mind, and the truth has been written there
How you claim to know my mind is irrelevant, that you claim to is the point and shows breathtaking arrogance.
Actually I'm referring to what the scriptures say. Just doing my job and warning you that hell is real. #JesusChrist will save you
Claiming to know that I know you're right is arrogance of the highest order. Shame on you.
You have been given the knowledge of God. You have no excuse
You just proved it's all about your need to be right by claiming to know I know you're right.
This is not about me. It's about you, because you know in your heart that what I'm saying is true
"I'm right, anyone who disagrees with me is wrong and a fool." yeah doesn't get much more self serving.
Self-serving? I'm trying to save you from eternal torment bud. And taking a torrent of abuse for it. Get over yourself
Nope, you judge others by the self serving words of your book.
I haven't judged you. I quoted scripture. What happened was you read it and judged yourself. That's how the Holy Spirit works
Says the judgemental one who views others as fools.
Starting out the day being that judgmental can't be good friend.
Yes your religion's hatred for intelligence, which sees right through it, is well known.
If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise. (1 Cor. 3:18) #atheism #Bible #God



good bro 💯🙏🏾
I really don't 😂
right 😂😂
nah man I don't go there😂
💀💀 on me that was long ago you at the LU now I wouldn't even 🤕
how many years ago was that😂
what happened to the one you almost killed cause she couldn't breathe ? 🤔
boy where they at tho my shit stay dry😂
on me bro you can have that tho you got all the sluts anyways 😂
word??😂 mbn bro
lol fuck around but I don't have to worry bout that no more 😇
u**
😭😭 my shit don't have those problems but Ik I follow all the sluts and they active rn😂
lmao fuck no
lmfaooo it's about that time
Nothing but porn on my tml rn 🤕



I just hope we will see it soon. That could be way hideo is sad.
A game with a storyline only to be experienced by finishing an almost impossible online quest! Let's wait and see.
if so you probably only see chapter 1 I am guessing. Hideo did in fact said he was scared Noone would finish the game.
Don't know. What's the point of doing so ?
speaking of data mine has anyone got a copy and not played it at all and data mine it?
You mean there's coding for specific actions and voice acting but without video files ?!
of course from I get out of the fox engine. The code changes with each step. It makes its scenes in real time.
Does these chapters include more scenes ? Because nothing else showed up with datamining
that is will unlock chapter 3,4,5
What else do you expect other than disarmament scene/s ?
well there is a big gap in 1984 and 1995. He haven't got the rest of the story just yet.
Well, the plot ended at 1995 Outer heaven where Venom was killed there !
if iam not mistaken chap 1 and 2 are in 1984. with hideo doing glasses that are 1985 as a hint.
can you tell your evidence or assumptions for Ch3 existence please ?
Could chapter 3 setting be 1985?



seriously! Or wrap up if they can't take on responsibility
"shoulda pulled out" LOL 😂😂😂 parents need slaps themselves.
haha "it's hard being a parent" nigga you only babysat your own kid for 2 hours 😂
"fed my kid breakfast, dropped him off to school, when's my 'me time?'" Ha!
foreals!!! Like "took my kid out for lunch" 🙄🙄🙄🙄 bruhhh I can't even deal I know so many
then when they actually take care of their kid, they feel they deserve an award for doing what they did...be a parent 😒
yeah the kinda 16 and pregnant and goes out every night leaving their Kid at home with the gparents
their parents were probably OG hoodrats who shouldn't have reproduced.
haha srsly. But you dealing with them hood rat kids tho
seriously. Note to parents: slap ya motha fcuken kids.
ewww the sass at such a young age
a boy that needs an ass whoopin from his mama. Just 1 of 5 of my usual problem kids. It's like everyday his brain is reset.
ewwww what ratchet would roll their eyes?
Best part of my day:Student: *rolls eyes*Me: I know you didn't just roll your eyes at me. You better be looking for your brain.



lol ahhh that was refreshing
ANNND I'll never look at DK the same
on like donkey Kong in a children's thong
Lol Challenge Accepted
lol pfft.. mercy for you to put down the controller and reconsider lool
Haha You say that now, But wait till your begging for mercy lol
aiight, I will go easy on you lol
XB1
lol true. You getting it for xb1, or ps4?
Too long lol
2 days lol
I'm good myself. Waiting for Titanfall 2 to drop already
good, hbu?
Buongiorno my friend! How are you?



not a good chance, 100% chance!
Ah, good ol' Enner. Shame he can't play this weekend, reckon we might have a good chance of winning!!
other than running away from police while playing for Ecuador, so as not to pay child support, sitting on the Everton bench :P
I'd forgot all about Enner until you mentioned him! 😂 Wonder how he's getting on?!
I'd take an impossible goal from Enner out in Liverpool
I'd be happy with any of the above!! I'd take a goal going in off Zaza's backside!
odds on Dimi to score a direct FK or solo run? Or another Lanzini v Chelsea banger 😉
Definitely not. Hopefully we get the job done. I'd take a nice win on pens! Not sure my heart could handle it though!! 😂
yeah it's brilliant but don't wanna get ahead of myself with a tie like this!
This cup is quite short as well! 2 more wins and we're in the semi's!
good point. Hopefully! I'd love a cup run but honestly be pleased enough with a good performance and close game
They have no Europe so i'd imagine it'll be a strong team from them. Hopefully it's a good game!
we have an outside chance but it's tough. A lot depends on how seriously Conte is taking the competition.Least we're improving
Not confident about tonight. Think Chelsea might steamroll us.



Tyler Johnson yes he good lowkey and it's an unknown situation for Bosh, hopefully he can but I don't want him to risk it
and hopefuly Chris Bosh can come back and play at some point this season. also I forgot about Tyler Johnson he can ball too
exactly and we all know how Whiteside's emotions can get the better of him oh man &amp; also I'm very hopefully of Richardson
the key to the season is seeing how Whiteside handles being the star and how Winslow &amp; Richardson develop in their second year
nobody ever knows what Riley gonna do, how he gonna shock us like he be doing but I agree with a 6,7 seed
like I said hopefully 7th or 8th seed. knowing Pat Riley he is already planing for free agency 2017
if those specific players can stay healthy and not be dumb and get suspensions or anything then Miami could be decent I'd say
Whiteside, Haslem, Dragic, Winslow, Richardson, and Waitors are solid but idk what to make of the rest of the team
it's a thinker of a situation but Heat's roster is a ok one I'd say so ehhh idk
idk Eastern confrence has gotten way better, idk what to make of the Heat's roster
I could see 6th or maybe even 5th if everyone plays up to par and to the potential and it all starts with Whiteside
hopefully the 7th or 8th seed in the East
Really not sure what to expect from Miami Heat this season



Yeah she does. Hope she stays till the end of series though
You can tell she's got a great career ahead of her.
Madison has been amazing as Amaru this season. Definitely an emerging favorite of mine
Yes he will. He and Amaru stole the show this season.
He was a huge asset to the team. Burt will be missed
before you added the weed to him. Lol.
Yeah I agree. Hilarious that so many wants SM dead 😁
I loved Burt. Couldn't they have switched his fate with Sex Machine?? Burt was so cool!!!
Yeah. That sucked
They can't kill Kate. I already lost Burt.
Yeah. Really hope she is saved next week
I know right? I just wish she'd get the chance to kick butt. She's always getting hurt.
Poor Kate has been through the ringer. Hope she is okay #FromDuskTillDawn



you got it
if you can throw me a link later on I'll check it out cuz I don't have the all 22 and I'm looking forward to seeing this
give my film study a peak when it comes out this morning, you'll see what I'm talking about.
line wasn't helping him much on Sunday
some times a break down though, just asks for a QB to navigate the pocket, slide and find a new platform to throw.
make a play with his feet
they're open.
getting the ball
well what does he really have man his 2 best targets are out and shady is hurt and if anything is troubling it's clay not
you just want to see him make plays with what he has. But he hasn't. It's troubling
many options
is it really fair to cast judgement on some of these passes that he's making at this point because he doesn't have
haven't we just come to accept tyrod being a game manager? knowing he doesn't really have any of his weapons



then I'm not interested
no
would it then be my birthday too?
for my birthday
when you're least expecting it obviously
you have to someday
oh I'd do it and it would be awesome
but how would you do it
says no
wait fr tho?
for the past two years I've told Rajae I want to be you for Halloween but he never lets me do it
can I come as myself?
Halloween party is a costume party btw



Yes, that's true! VERY well liked.
I heard that she was liked in Congress.
Hillary works well with everyone.  She's going to surprise a lot of people.
Me, too! I hope it works out. I know that it's going to be hard for her to serve because she won't be respected by some.
Nice to meet you.  I'm so excited and can't wait until 11-8.
Wow!
That's great! I worked on Hillary's Senate campaign.
When Ann ran for State Treasurer, I worked on her campaign.
Ann was a Travis County Commissioner ...my county, before she was Gov.
Wow! Very nice!!!
I knew Liz Carpenter. If you look at that photo, Ann was leaning down and talking to Liz Carpenter. I wrote an article, 2.
I love Gov. Ann Richards and I miss her!
I'm a Texan, going for a blue state. I miss Ann Richards. You can see my photo of her on my FB page, Connie Rose Malone.



do it!!! i love it because of all the history and stuff, but if you like Portland, you'll like Philly for sure!!
That's dope, I want to come out there in the next few years my self! Maybe I'll come visit! Yeah I love LA tho. 🌴🌴
ugh I was gonna go back to LA!!! no I have my best friend from Disney here (thank God) she flew to PDX&amp;we drove back here!
you all alone out there? Or you got family? I got family in Buena Park near LA, so that's where I'll be.
see I was going to go back to California, but Philly weirdly worked out better for me haha where abouts in California???
I bet! I'm lowkey jealous. I love NYC. I think I'm moving to California tho.
honestly it's one of the best moves I've made. it's so fun being an hour away from NYC! it's a lot like Portland in ways
Damn that's crazy as hell! How do you like it out there?
yeah! moved here a few weeks ago!
you're in Philadelphia?
can't wait for them to come to Philly so I can be that person at the game lol
that's the best time! 🙌🏻
my favorite time is Lillard time ⏰



I'll be serving looks
better be worth your time
we just talk 😂😂 I'm wearing the cute outfit you gave me .. gotta put that to use
i'm jk don't be a home wrecker go get wined and dined lmao
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 dead
make sure he's good in and out of bed or we cut his head off
but I'm snatching someone's
none cause we both don't got a man
whose man I gotta snatch
let them do what they wanna do it's how life works
that's when the low key hoes pop up
stock up
My apartment was HANDING OUT PLAN B AND CONDOMS .... only at student apartments ..



on like donkey Kong in a children's thong
Lol Challenge Accepted
lol pfft.. mercy for you to put down the controller and reconsider lool
Haha You say that now, But wait till your begging for mercy lol
aiight, I will go easy on you lol
XB1
lol true. You getting it for xb1, or ps4?
Too long lol
2 days lol
I'm good myself. Waiting for Titanfall 2 to drop already
good, hbu?
Buongiorno my friend! How are you?



only got to look to the future now
Aw I know crazy to think that was almost 3 years ago 😢
i went the other day too and i was like fuuuck all nostalgic and then i got sad thinking about what ppl are up to
Aw yeah for a one unit lab it's pretty cool! Dude being back in the tech museum made me think about senior prom! 😂😭
awe i had Loeb last year but it was a cool fun lab
I'm just taking the lab, I have Colins!
are you just taking the lab or the lecture too? whose ur prof for the lab?
Yes 😂
is the class called planet earth?
Yes!!
was that a lab?
Geology was dope today b/c we went downtown to look at the rocks of buildings &amp; even went to the tech museum to look at earthquake stuff 😀



jus wanted to let yu kno I'm doing ok
😭chill yo , blowin me up like that on twitter😂
now why would I lie? And why m? So yu can ignore them?
you lyin 😭 ion have my reads on 🤔 text me rn
I can even check mine and in fact it even says yu read them 😱
you can check my phone 😭
bs they all delivered
🙄 i aint get no text
like I'm pretty sure I texted yu multiple and I didn't get a response 😭
wassup hollywood 😅
🙃
If he isn't obsessed with me , ion want him 🙄👐🏽



I mean Chad hasn't really been a part of Ari's life since she was born. That's a stretch IMO.
J.J's only been a part of Ari's life for a brief time.
I have no reason to not believe her. After all they have been together for a year. They SHOULD be close. -more than Chad &amp; Ari
It seems to me like Gabi's trying to make J.J and Ari seem closer than they actually are.
It doesn't matter what Ari thinks. We should see the bonding they  (Gabi) talk about with J.J. and Ari.
It kind of seems to me like Ari thinks of J.J as mommy's friend. She's too young to understand anything more than that.
But he's not a father figure for her. Sonny and JJ should be having more scenes with her than Chad.
I love the scenes with Chad and Ari! I think they're adorable!
that's fine. I find them boring and shoved down our throats &amp; I see more than friends. JMO.
I like Chad and Gabi as friends. I have no problem with it.
I'm fine with it. Don't want to see anymore scenes with him &amp; Gabi. The fewer the better.
So according to what I've seen, Chad will not be on again until Thursday. WTF??? #Days



I'm like their bitch now huh 😂😂😂
that's why they do it. Cause they know you won't kick them out. They have the power 😂
I can't 😫 I love them way too much n they always get me w their puppy eyes 💞
kick them out 😂
like they have their own beds but still end up sleeping on my bed 😶
ohh damn. That's too much for me. I'd sleep on the floor 😂
it's hard to get comfy when I share a bed with my two dogs 😫 n they both move around too much
I have that problem too. I bought two long ass pillows and they make it hard to get comfortable 😂
no not hot I just can't get comfortable 😫
then get to it 😂 or is it hot asf in your room too 🤔😭
same
Need to get some sleep



I'm ready for them 7 12's 🤑
fucking money pit lol. 7-12s coming up tho 😎
I know I need to just go get that hoe. The ONLY thing holding me back is always having to replace shit on my truck lol
hell not with that .223! I've shot em in the heart with a .243 and still had em run 50 yards lol. 30-06 drops em tho😛
nah they gon lay were they stand. Hopefully 😬
Have fun tracking 😖
no not yet been putting it off but Ima hunt that stand with my shotgun &amp; AR it's only a 20 yard shot
you buy you a new rifle yet
Livingston
where's that lease at?
im going Sunday just to see if anything comes out and to blast the hogs that have been on my shit
Ready to get in the deer stand already!



lmao im out too🏃🏾‍♀️🏃🏾‍♀️🏃🏾‍♀️💨💁🏾😳😭
I'm out ✌🏽️. 😭before we get somebody in trouble
lmaoooooooooooo 😂😂😳😂 FUCK ! You funny .
wow no 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 yea don't do that bro might get in trouble lmfaoo
lmaooo I just don't wanna put his name out there lol people probably out here lurking .
yea exactly can't say 😴 I really don't do nothing 😭
lmaoooooo .
you be doing the do 😂
no lol
lmaooo stfu
nasty 😦
Did I mention? I’m in love with switching positions Wanna f**k you in the kitchenImma hit it from beside,he don’tIt’s a shame he don’t 😝



if u get on tonight, post a card and dm it to me.
I'm free from 1-3 pm and after 9:30 pm pct.
yo ill just grab it all tomorrow
oh ok bro. ill probably just save this other 50k when u need it lol
i have to look, its like 600k i think. i sold some guys.
its cool i can wait. how much MUT coin u got?
if u need them now you can log in to my acct
3:1 ratio cool?
no i dont buy it. how much mut for 50k mt?
do u know the price of my team?
damn idk if i want that much. how much mut for it?
yo i got 104k my team for u



very true
it's a good thing it's in AZ. That way I can make a weekend trip.
to see them in spring training would be awesome!
But clearly the Angels are type priority.
Oh cool!
I'm trying to go. My friends' team are also Cactus League.
yup!
especially because of spring training
I know but once when all the holidays are over. It will come by faster
it's so far away 😭
countdown mode! 🙌🏻
160 days until the season starts. 164 days until opening day.



blah blah blah same crappy side item. Aight chill I gotta sleep, I have a test tomorrow
Laynes don't got coleslaw u sloppy ass boy
I don't want any coleslaw with my laynes either 😎
what sports career? I'm an engr major, I'm a nerd I don't play sports, what's sports?
you lucky I'm nice and don't roast your sports career on twitter. For that you owe me free laynes 😍
😪😒 u started it
damn bruh, I hurt your feelings or something? Can't handle it bro don't start it 😘
at least I didn't miss the sack that woulda pushed Dawson to the next round of playoffs smh
I honestly think you just had a seizure, you should seek medical attention with yo snap,crackle and pop built ass
u look like a pickled pepper with ur plump pied piper plucker parakeet face ass
boy you built like a stuffed jalapeño pepper. Gtfo my mentions bro. Dont @ me
built like a boneless wing tho



he didnt know why planets were round i had to correct him
i tutored a girl in his class like 3 years ago and he is lazy as hell at least in his curriculum
i usually think teachers should be treated better and stuff but hes a perverted piece of shit so idc
mr carey used to squirt me with a water gun when i fell asleep in class +say creepy shit so i put sand in his waterbottle
he might have been before your time but ap euro "silva" hated me just as much, i think because i had long hair
her and carey were the most cruel miserable teachers i ever met
(that's 5 fives in 1 year, i got seven 5s total if i remember correctly)
when my mom told her i got five "5s" on ap tests she said "i wish i saw that kind of performance out of him when i taught him"
i knew it was either her or carey lol
hoos
omg who was it
when i was in 8th grade i sneezed during the plege of allegiance and my homeroom teacher made me stand in the hallway for the rest of class



right 😭😭😭
seriously tho, worst pain ever!!
YASSS GIRL ! no one has experience pain until they've been in labor
shit if we can handle labor we can handle piercings and tattoos lol
that's how my sister is!
I know I can handle the pain, but I just think about it too much and get scared lmao!
don't be! it doesn't hurt that bad with piercings bcus it goes by quick lol and tattoos you just have to not pick painful spots
Lol I have no tattoos for the same reason, im such a baby!!
me and you both but yet I have tattoos 😂
I'm just a little pussy when it comes to piercings lol.
it's just a quick pinch ! I've had mine done 6 times lmao
wanna get my nose pierced so bad but I'm scared lol.



I'm starting to wonder who's really being played here and how. #WIKILEAKS
Again, that observation arises from the gaps in subject matter, the lack of denials and the evident ease of the "hacks."
It's as if these were released to give the impression that we really have the whole story now and it's not that awful.
attempt to explain or deny the emails' authenticity. Remarkably little. Since when is the DNC shy about lying?
and "expert" buy-in of this "Russian hack" cover story to assure "authenticity" and imply completeness - yet virtually no &gt;
or criminal material and a studied absence of discussion about key issues, people and problems - complete with a media &gt;
It's almost as if this is a head fake - a calculated release of embarrassing but unfortunately not really damning or &gt;
Given the seeming candor if not recklessness of the stuff we have seen, there's a remarkable absence of emails about policy
There's also very little about Bill Clinton, from what I've seen.
Well, there's little or no substantive discussion of her health - neither confirming the spin of her camp or otherwise.
Please go on, Ron.
If you think about it, what's absent from the Wikileaks emails is at least as intriguing as what's in them.



welp I'm sorry but we will continue to respect and love our school along w showing nothing but support to our players
nope cause if y'all did y'all would win 😅
we deserve just as much respect as ya'll do our players work hard in every sport just like yours do correct ?
okay first your volleyball is no where close better then ours and baseball we won cif like a year ago 🤔
actually our water polo and swim are very successful along with our softball/baseball, and our volleyball teams ...
like I said there is no sport at west valley better then Hemet high . 🙅🏻
ya'll act like we ain't shit because our football team is the best .. but neither is yours lmao
every sport at Hemet is better then wv 😂?
your football team wins sometimes .. the only thing worth being acknowledged is your basketball,wrestling, and water polo
okay stop 😂 thats wrong
hhs‼️ur pep rally's ain't shitur student section ain't shitur sports ain't shit do u even have spirit days besides botb ? I'm curious .



plug in Westwood
you got extra I can buy off you ?
damn I got mine
shid we couldve copped &amp; matched but you aint mobile
I'm not mobile but wassup
me too link up
I'm on 21st
crib I need some though I aint got it
wya
match 🍃🍃🍃
What's the move



congrats to me
will be my banner some day soon cheers
kbone the deal
good thing i just grabbed some meth then wouldn't wanna b a Poser
kbone sounds like a meth addict tbh
where the fuck is my cool nickname
if you were mbone I'd screenshot that and pin it.
woat not wait smfh
oh..... my god. the first absolute wait thing you've ever said. HOW tbh
Nutella is trash smh
peanut butter is literally everything does anyone in the world literally not like it i was so emo now i'm eating pb&amp;nutella feelin Brand New



I'm sure we can talk at more length about it soon... if we split it 4 ways, I think we may be able to handle the expense =)
Oh yes, I am sure we could. Split cost makes.it more fun.  You could get three to a room easy 4 in family room
would love to do that, and I'm sure we could find others =)
I would love to get a bunch of us together for a ride to BLFC. #Memories
with hard work, I'll join you one day for a retreat to remember, no slacking for me ^^
Someday*
sounds like a blast, but an excursion like that is out of my budget for the time being =(
It goes all across country and through Rocky mountains. If anyone goes I will be happy to go too. Hate alone trips.
except for the solitude, seems like the trip one can dream of =)
*Everything. That includes three meals a day with package. Takes 4 days from my house. Beautiful trip, love it but alone :(  😐
Checking Amtrak tickets for BLFC cabin, bed, private, bathroom, shower evetything $3400 4 days. Flight 6 hours 400 round trip XD



going home?
i won't be at school.
do you want to go to lunch friday😊? Since u like to eat?
eat. partying. shop. chill. hang with friends.
what do you do for fun?
yeah somewhat
you have lots of friends?
i like it. it's cool.
me too, how do you like nccu so far ?
yes
you watch greys anatomy ?



HE CLOSED WITH IT 😍 He played a lot more dub this time around
aryay slaaayed! Lawn mower is the jam
oh i fuckin hated the nick colletti thing i missed half empty :( saw half of Aryay he was cool
same! So impressed with all the sets tonight
dude i had a lot of fun actually
did you have fun?!
i was in the back gloving :)))
YES!! I kept looking for you!
oh my god were you there!?
RIGHT
GETTER DROPPED DRAGONS BY VIRTUAL RIOT, A RIDDIM TRACK, BUT I GUESS WE'RE ALL JUST GONA IGNORE IT LOL



YES YES the days it's worth itcare gkorius. the rest? eh
gotcha. I regret becoming a lawyer most days. I should have thought harder about this decision.
nah but i wanna
did you quit your job
I sorta feel like i've made a huge mistake
(Hugs)I feel like that more often than I'd like to admit.
I am at my wit's end here
it sucks so hard
ugh ok yes I've been there too recently and blahhhhh
applying to jobs for which you are perfectly qualified and not even getting a call
quick, name me something more demoralizing than applying to jobs for which you are overqualified



okay okay i do know😭
nothing pues 😒☹️
...hmm deja lo pienso🤔I dont know🙇🏻‍♀️
que cres?
que quires comer?
bring me food and ill let it slide
not scared soo.... i'll be waiting to beat some ass👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
im gonna be at your door step in 5 👊🏼
😒.... &amp; if im not?
you better be talking bout someone else 😤
Ima really fight him🙄



but after snails I'll probably end off with hard well
honestly, i would have stayed there too haha i was mainly going for Hardwell but that did happen
lmfao I'm the same way but it's lowkey looking like I'm gonna stay at the bass rush stage I think it's chopping block
haha i know, too tragic. I wouldn't have mind but it depends on my schedule because i make them on who i wanna see 😅
oh aww no rave fam. Yeah and I tend to move around a lot stage to stage so I wouldn't expect you to tag along with us there lol
yea but i only knew of 1 person going and it's just weird to try and go solo lol
haha oh damn that sucks , should have rode with us lol
haha that wasn't the problem, i needed a ride and my sister wasn't going.
damn , should have just shown up to escape in a wheel chair I would have helped raised you up during the sets
tbh would have preferred Escape over Ye, but wasn't gonna happen :(
Not going to escape, so i better go see Ye



If a Walmart cashier started making up statements about how the CEO made decisions, how long would it take to fire them?
Because the were low-level staffers making statements way above their paygrade.
PS Why where Creamer and Fogel fired if the videos where edited?
Yes. And if you can tell me how edited claims of a low level Wisconsin staffer make Clinton evil, feel free.
Dude; did or did you not watch the videos?
O'Keefe? That's a riot. He specializes in getting low level staffers to mouth off, then edits them to make wild claims.
Have you not seen the O'Keefe videos and loads of Wikileaks?
I refer you to your original comment.
uhm.... how would that be?
Because she's not and you've been misled?
support a corrupt warmongering evil woman like Hillary?



you have toooooo!!!
no lol I'm scared, I don't want it anymore
don't do that lol! That shit looked lit AF ! Mosh pits everywhere
I'm excited, I have floor seats, I'm just not going to wear heels lol if im going to be standing forever
but it still is a great show tho !
😒🙄
no just him
does he have an opener?
nope 9:30 ish
did he at least start on time? I'm going to his nov 2 show
Yeezus was for sure better then Saint Pablo. Saint Pablo was great but it felt short



what about today?
i won't be at school.
do you want to go to lunch friday😊? Since u like to eat?
eat. partying. shop. chill. hang with friends.
what do you do for fun?
yeah somewhat
you have lots of friends?
i like it. it's cool.
me too, how do you like nccu so far ?
yes
you watch greys anatomy ?



"If money go before, all ways do lie open." Shakespeare, The Merry Wives of Windsor, Act 2, Scene 2
Longstanding problems can still be disturbing problems.
You can relax about the influence of money in politics - it has only been an issue since the Roman Republic (509-27BC).
I'm far more disturbed by the role of money in politics than the role of "insider influence."
As a career public servant, it is often troubling to see experience and dedication to the public cause turned against someone.
To those complaints, my response alternates between "no it's not" and "of course it is. You're just figuring that out?"
I'm also curious how this compares with Sanders supporters' complaints of a rigged economic system &amp; primary.
When Trump says "the election is rigged" to the media, he means "it's a biased system favoring entrenched politico".
And if the latter, is this idea new to you?
Like are you saying there's an actual conspiracy here, or are you just it takes money and power to get political influence?
I need more info on people's definition of the word "rigged." Do you mean literal vote-tampering, or a system of self-perpetuating power?



stfu ho
mhm well hope you go bold
yeah u still dk how imma have it lol, im trynna get a different dress so
formal goof thought you changed your mind
wait for when headass
to flat iron it dummy
wait for what bro😂
I think not you can wait 🙂
🙄 i just want to bro
um for what 🤔
Finna flat iron my hair🤔



thashhhhh right
ok ok we'll go together lol
wth i was all excited n shit:/
STAAA
i mean i guess 😂😏
to my dick appointment ?! Why not 😂😂
so am invited?🤔
ihy😂😂😂
lmao😂😂😘
thank you bb😘😘 lmao that pic 😩😩
happy birthday babe!!💛😘😍🎉🎈



Because the were low-level staffers making statements way above their paygrade.
PS Why where Creamer and Fogel fired if the videos where edited?
Yes. And if you can tell me how edited claims of a low level Wisconsin staffer make Clinton evil, feel free.
Dude; did or did you not watch the videos?
O'Keefe? That's a riot. He specializes in getting low level staffers to mouth off, then edits them to make wild claims.
Have you not seen the O'Keefe videos and loads of Wikileaks?
I refer you to your original comment.
uhm.... how would that be?
Because she's not and you've been misled?
support a corrupt warmongering evil woman like Hillary?



The Rodney impression, along with the Phil impressions where easily my favorite Macedonia moments.
I only remember the Whippits bit, and the classic "yeeainneeknow"
It was! And something what he called his girls. But I don't recall that. It def. was about Whip Its though. Still funny.
Oh shit, I forgot about the Rodney impression! I think it was something about doing Whippits in the parking lot
that's what you said when you spoke in his voice. Or something similar. But I Probably got it wrong, like everything
This rings no bells.
"honey dip"
The only thing I loved about Rodney was his aid in developing the McDonald's theory, regarding dating optimization.
that's not true. You loved Rodney.
"Jordan doesn't like anyone, he only tolerates us because he works with us".".



You too hun
I will, thank you. Be safe and have a wonderful day 😊
Hope you have a great day and a warm one :)
yeah, I'm with you. Lol
Hate rain 👎🏻 that mixed with cold. The other day it was pouring
raining like crazy here.
doing good, very cold tho lol
I'm good thank you. How are you?
morning hun. How are you this morning?
good morning 😊



it's okay I'm sure Kevin will fight the ghosts 😂😂😂
its already lit!! Next to my bible!
😂😂 it's okay just light that candle before you sleep
Fuck. That.
maybe you'll dream about Doris 😇
Quija got me fucked up!
just watch out at night 😂
I was so bored that it seemed like i was scared.
someone was too jumpy 😂😂😭






yeah I need my last exam thrown away🙄
no seriously, thankfully he throws one exam away 💁
true. I'm so scared to fail this dude
girl me too! we will definitely do so in like 2 week advance 😂🤓
true omg. I worked 6 days a week I didn't have time either way. Ugh next exam we are cramming together dude.
now that sucks, I knew about it, just did not have time to really sit down &amp; study. we will have to get together to study
I seriously going to cry. I didn't know it was today til I went to my lab last night.
that makes two of us! I just went through your snapchat thinking damn dedication!!
this exam is going to kill me
I have been up since 430 just tossing &amp; turning



another ring without Timmy would do more for his resume &amp; he'll probably get that if he keeps coaching another 5-7 years.
gets this gold in 2020 it's a wrap
yeah you can't really deny greatness after a resume like Pop's.
they were boring when they had a slow pace with lots of post ups. Lost to the suns and they switched it up. Pops the greatest
true. I thought Pop, David &amp; Duncan were enough to disregard that label. They're "boring" if u don't know 🏀, soft is crazy tho.
Europeans always accused of that...KG himself would target Euro players for being soft
I guess I've heard those opinions tossed around. Never really equated it to them being soft though, but I feel you.
"too many Europeans", not enough dog in them, blah blah been a off and on critique of the team for a while in hoop circles
all facts, but I've never heard that rhetoric in regards to the Spurs.
Players like Simmons and Leonard are tough...pushes back against the soft label the spurs have



I said what I said and in that order 👁👁
too late 🌚
how about this then 🌝
yes I do, that emoji on the end is shade lol
you don't even believe that but ighhhhttt you got ittt 😂😂🌚
👌🏽y'all are insulting me on the low lol that's fine
I mean the Spurs got rings so it can't be too bad 🌚
😂 I don't know if I'm offended or happy. What does that mean lmao
lmfao that tells me EVERYTHING about you
Someone just told me that being a Spurs fan coexists with my personality lmaooo 😭



ABLEIST!SUZAKU WHO'S NOT POC!
princegender!system!ace!chaoskin!blmatsu!poc!obese!lelouch telling ableist!suzaku to fuck off
I'm gonna DYCJING lose it
MOD ZERO.EXE HAS ACTIVATED DONTFUCKWITHMEDONTFUCKWITHMEDONTFUCKWITHMEDONTFUCKWITHMEDONTFUCKWITHMEDONTFUCKWITHMEDONTFUCKWITHME
HIS ALTER ZERO SNSBSGHA AGSVSHSJNSS smol gay brit... lulu uwu... did nothing wrong...
(lelouch voice) iit was n ntt. me  uwuu;; mmy alter zero wass ffrontibg;; im juss a smol brita nniabn;;
it was too far before there were woke headcanons someone please make woke lelouch
WOKE LELOUCH FV VCXCVFSDFFSDDVH
someone has to draw obese lelouch now
i keep trying to think again what geass would look like if no clamp limbs and picturing lelouch but thicc with a fat ass is still impossible



it takes one to know one
u the one being extra rn
youre the most complicated person on the face of this earth jeezus
damn u coulda just lied and said you do like I did, dick
i would have love for you too but you dont keep in touch man
lmao I have love for u doe
get tf out my mentions
tbh I don't know
what have i done to deserve this smh
You ever fuck yo girl while you mad at her and just wanna punch the shit outta her ? Thats how I feel bout asha and we ain't even fucking



JUST BE IN CLASS YOU HAVE A SPEECH
how 😑
very much so
but it's not
Thats stupid
let's do rock paper n see if I win we don't go if you win we go late
neither do I
I really don't wanna
yes nigga and so should you
you going to class tomorrow



True enough!
nah it's all good. What's life without a little worry?
It’s totally fine, man. I was just messing with you hah hah. I’m sorry that you were stressed!
well then there was moving, and constant stress. That didn't help haha
And then we never hung out. *dramatic sigh* *applause from the audience*
oh I went one day, but the nests changed literally that same day so I never got to catch them 😕
You went to like Ohio or something to catch Charmander.
wait. Out of state? Are we lost in translation? Maybe?
I offered to play #PokemonGO woth you, but you went out of state instead. Hmph.
I get so wrapped up in drama from people I don't even know. I blame the loneliness and boredom on my end. #ForeverAlone



yeah I feel, well I'm here if you ever feel like you're stuck on something. But we can talk over coffee tomorrow (:
I'm not feeling any type of way I'm just expressing random thoughts in my head as I figure things out? Ya feel ?
sounds like we need a venting session 🤔Well Lindsey! Fuck who ever has you feeling some type of way! You still have beautiful
I just think they care for me too but that's when the lying comes in and you realize why the fuck did I give them the time
but that's just it... Soon enough you'll be too tired of it to still care.. GIRL CARE ABOUT THOSE WHO GONNA CARE ABOUT YOU!
I try not to care but you know me I care too much for people who don't deserve it
lmao I've met the biggest liars in life.. Trust I know 😭 that's why I never believe anyone.. But then again I don't really care to
I know that but some people are just seriously tooooooooo much it's annoying like Bitch I know you're lying lol
EVERYONE LIES LMAO
Like why do people lie soooo much, I don't get it. Why does honesty have to be so rare ?



forever tired bruh
keep pushing almost done
🤑🤑🤑🤑
making that bank at 3am lol only a few more hours and we done #PushIT
trrrruuuue
right would make work go by so fast I swear
etc we could be clowning  now 😂😂
like for real too bad we ain't working together. We would be clowning tho
fam I swear on life we the only mfs up rn smh
and I are the only ones awake at this hour



great don't that make you feel wonderful taking care of elderly I know I'm 72 hip replacement and knee but I still help
lol I'm at a nursing home 3 times a week
volunteering u don't know about that as greed is liberial agenda money money I do things for people free like read feed them
I lost you. You aren't making sense
and sent lots home to Mexico and I do know that as a fact
okay, teachable moment here. Illegals paid 13billion in payroll taxes for welfare they will NEVER get. They HELPED you.
I'm agaist welfare for illgel immigrants I am 72 on fixed income 818 mo haven't had a ss raise in 3 yrs but illgels get lot
so, you are against welfare, just not your own? Lol
or hilliary commits murder with her killing babies in 3 trimester she said it with her own mouth and yes I'm 72 on ss welfar
love Jesus first. Jesus would never condone a man like Trump, you know this.



Mine is 19 atm
it's one of my fav seasons I think
I really wanna watch season 5 in full.
look up her quicksteps sometime she got a 28 on one of them and 29 on the other. IDK why she excelled at that dance but she did
I wouldn't doubt it. I kinda quit binge watching at S4 because I couldn't find a stream for it
she was actually a lot better than that freestyle showed..... not finals worthy though like MAYBE 7th at best
All I know is her freestyle so that's what I'm going off of oops 😂
I KINDA enjoyed her at first like I was ok with her passing Josie, Albert, and Wayne but after that she should've gone
Worst freestyle ever but then again what do you expect from the worst pro ever?
Don't even get me started on Marie Osmond getting 3rd.



A town stomped?oh wow lol
look at my last tweets. You'll see what he did. Lol.
who he say was at fault after saying police weren't ?
he never said black people are at fault Lol I understand why you would feel that way. The indirect answers are the worst
a reach? nah he clearly said the police are not at fault but black people are. NOT a reach to me
"taking the side" might be a reach Lol but he definitely made it seem like because he had one good cop friend it's not bad cops
well tonight is exactly what I'm speaking on...TONIGHT he was taking the side of the oppressor so I could care less
let's not get it twisted, Jim has definitely used his platform in a major way at a worse time, but tonight I didn't approve
he was on some other stuff. Made me kind of upset knowing he has a platform and decided to speak BS.
Jim Brown was at the forefront and did so much for athletes of color with Muhammad Ali, Bill Russell, and Kareem.... but tonight? Idk man



ok.. it's lit!
when you off and Shaq ready
ohhhh okay okay cool. What time you tryna go?
it's at the prison here in Jeff
I'm off Friday but I picked up this shift from somebody 😩 I get off at 9. How far is it?
I been ready but will y'all be free to go Friday
I kept asking y'all when y'all wanted to go and y'all never replied. Boi
I still ain't get the details fr I'm looking them up tomorrow cuz obviously you wasn't gone do it
cute
Going to a haunted house Friday? Who wanna go



you have now been determined intelligent and smart....the wife can do whatever she wants
I will say I won't put it on steak.. My wife does that but if a steak is cooked right it needs no sauce
your a brave soul
I love fried fish with ketchup! Eaten it with tilapia a few times too
how about any fish
I haven't so you're probably right but it's something I will try haha
while ketchup is good .....no way with the Mac
wrong lol good try though
mac and cheese
Name a normal food that's not made better with ketchup... Good luck.



yeup! Loved it and the one you actually cooked. Especially that.
really nw
loooooool no g that actually full me
that ago mek someone greedy like you more hungry lool
meeda take one right now
might just drink a cup soup ya nw
donuts &amp; work 😭😋 u?
what's up today?
ayyye Von Don 🤗
Ash 🙋🏾‍♂️



you are making me hungry.  Chinese restaurant is across the street.
ever had Huoguo(Chinese hotpot )?
pretty much most. Shaschwan and Hunan. Like spice
haha,what kinda chinese food do you like?and wats look like in US?
so dinner time. Wish I could eat real Chinese food. Not what get in the US
sorry for busy with my work.its 1606 in China,same district with Shanghai
in North Dakota, USA it is 1:54 am
wat time is it there?
Why are you still up. Get sleep. Dam



Shut up 😭🙄 leave me alone lol
yeah and people be listening to you too whether you know it or not like I did😂😂
😭😭 nobody will listen to you like yourself.
you the one that be talking to yourself..."Donasia I think they on to me...oh really??" 😂😂💀
😂
not really I mean just couldn't say how I wanted to say with this 140 word limit stuff lol
talking to yourself ? 🤔
But it does say fb or get Unfollowed so I have options too😂
I said I wasn't going to do a morning mention again cause people don't really do what the mention actually says lol



I love England back when there were only four names to choose from
No I'm thinking of some other Wars of the Roses Edmund, not Beaufort or Tudor will come to me.
he was cool but yeah he did get killed in battle. and his brothers were both kings, so maybe he would have gotten around to it
Wasn't he a big ol jerk who was set to be king but then got himself killed in battle? Cause a lotta Edmunds are like that.
Big fan of Edmund, the Earl of Rutland who died in like I don't know 1458 or something
Hillary. I dig Burke. the Bastard.
Edmund is a good name. Lot of good Edmunds
My second is actually Edmund which is like halfway there.
You can name your dumb kid Alfred or Edward but I can't name mine Æthelbert, Rædwulf, or Angeltheow? Anglo-Saxon double standards suck!



so it's different for me 😂
I'm aware lol
but I was legit fucking my hoes. Lol
I miss the hoe-having lifestyle sometimes...the finesse that came along with it.
you in a relationship tho
I'm in the same boat fam
ehh
The way it should be
I have Zero hoes back home now lmao



pay me in rockstar
SHOULD I TAKE IT APART N RETURN IT? Or just bring it there with it together or try to build something out of it all
FUCK ok
GIRL I GOT YOU
FUCK OK I WOLL I MIGHT NEED TO BUY SOMETHING ELSE TO BUILD N LIKE IM BAD AT IT LIKE I CANT EVEN PUT LEGO THINGS TOGETEHER
TBH I've put together all my IKEA shit by myself so... next time hit a girl up
FUCK REALLY i want to die idk if it's just fucked bc of the maker or bc o built it wrong :/
coulda hit me up I'm good at that shit
I'd like my 28 dollars back



i do really like this idea
Which is why I suggested adding immigration to the mix. In your own firm.
I do and I love it but there's not enough work to keep me afloat
Don't you work for yourself?!
I mean we have local firms here but they aren't hiring
Where is the closest immigration court? And why industry? We rep people not industries. Mostly asylum, etc. tough work though.
I've thought about it but there's not a big industry here
Do immigration work. It pays and you help people who really need it.
all I want is to continue representing indigent clients accused of crimes. why is this so fucking hard.



and Keith
Kinsey got arrested lastnight for talking in the hallway
brb, gotta get dad and he's gonna call UPD
last time I checked you stayed in MY room
last time I checked, you sleep in MY bed
you get tf out of my bed
get tf out my bed









I hate you bye lmao
😉
fake? Yea I know 😉
you know how I be
I said hi friend yesterday and in the video you said no
again? When did you stop being my friend though
:) are we friends again
nice to be back shitty
welcome back turd!!!



bet that👌🏽
omg yesss!! I miss those days!!! You better go dude Ive already asked off lol
ooo that definitely hypes me up for it lol cause I actually know you😭 today made me miss the old days in youth group😢
You better!! lol Im going!
yes that's what I've heard and I've always wanted to go but I'm undecided lol but hopefully it's a yes🙌🏽
You should, the one in Dallas was so much fun!
they told me about it but idk😭
Are you going to Atlanta in January??
Had a good time at worship night with my love😍



She felt like it was a "life sentence."
I'm glad for you and your family! No doubt, but Alexithymia is a legitimate explanation of that, which you've not long known 😊
better, trying to work stuff out. I think my emotional detachment really did some damage.
how are things going at home btw?
actually I think other people blow up. I rarely notice things I should and then people get mad at me. I'm learning...
I wish I could say it rarely happens to me! But seems to be easing lately which is good 😊
I'd have to be in extreme intense emotional state. Rarely happens.
I hear you! I pretty much have to be in an intense emotional state to recognise what's going on, by then it's usually too late!
I was recently asked by doc to take alexithymia test. Think I scored 100%. No wonder I have such people problems, emotionally.



same, goodnight !
hell nah im about to force the sleep
I'm not , I won't allow it . Whelp, there isn't much to do at this time of the night.
you bet not be in ya feelings lol Im just up doing nothing
Laying here listening to music lol, what're you up to?
Lol wyd fam ?
Hello 👋🏿😊
Hi
Already regretting staying up this late..



i've been doing me fam
Don't think just do😂😂
thinking about it🤔
Just do it 🙃💯😂
nah i can't cause someone said they'd drop me if i do😑
I need a Skype buddy so hurry up 👀😂
g shit boutta get one
That's why you need a android 🍃👀🍃
boutta break my phone



come see me💜!!
okay whatever😂😂❤️
I came from heaven genius 😂😂😂😂😂hence what I meant😂😂
that didn't answer my question😂 and I know you are😚😉
I'm a gift from god😇😉
where have you been all my life?😂
that's a really good answer😭💝😘
Avi!! I do miss you💕
sup whore. Do you miss me??



okay, sounds good🙂
ight i will hit you up to confirm cause idk when im gonna get work done to my car...
we can go Thursday.
or tomorrow
I'm down✨
lets go get food
nothing, why?
wyd thursday
Nothin but a bunch of broke boys around here😂👎🏽 I'm disgusted. lol



they live in the south side of Chicago dude lmao
south side lifestyle..?? Who are you
LMAO wtf the shows good dude. Its south side life style they stay ghetto
does it get any better or are they ratchet white people the entire time
oh lol I'm on 7, the current one
1
what season are u on?
it's ok
I wish I could express to you guys how much I hate frank and Debbie from shameless



added you. I'm ready for it
peerod23 get ready for those 700 sec snaps straight from the pit no zoom
for a week before I send a pic
should I put it in rice?
your phone might catch on fire from all the heat
tryna get kick pics 👟🔥
you tryna get 300 sec concert stories or dick pics?
add me on snap
I can't wait to go to a concert and make a 300 sec snap &amp; send it to the ppl who make 500 sec stories of concerts in section 416 zoomed in



pretty close I'll bet
no you can't
not many push ups but I can bench 3 Evans
I don't feel like your dedicated with the whole only 7 push ups thing
wow can you train me?
yeah I can do like at least 8 just sayin
like, at least 7
how many push-ups can you do
I'm in better shape than the other big guy at work, so that's nice



part of it is certainly campaign rhetoric, for sure. Lemme look at some stuff today. Maybe I can find something informative
so its quite clear to me at least that its undeliverable. Parts aren't American in any case.
(2/2)costof product maybe a lttl highr. companiesto innovate. Effect oneconomy offset, longterm benefit. Will findmore info
good question. Look at all costs. make stuff here for free, no tax/shipping. Low better than no wage. Many unemployed (1/2)
who would want a job in US that pays so little? Or should the US govt subsidise them?
not sure what you mean. Trade deals are a mess. I'm no expert but we should cater to ourselves first.
really? So a US govt handout to Apple Inc?
Trade deals / favorable tariffs. Will be cost-effective to make in usa. If Motorola could make Moto X here why can't Apple?
Trump's just announced that Apple will start building factories and making phones in the US rather than Asia if he wins. How?



eu adoro quando ela fala "when trouble comes in town, man like me come around, my daddy said shoot" - parece q ela se prepara hah
amo! mas pra mim acho que é Sorry
mas a que mais me identifico no CD é Daddy Lessons
amém Beyoncé
sempre "you can watch my fat ass twist boy, as I bounce to the next dick boy"
pra mim é sempre JUST GIVE MY FAT ASS A BIG KISS BOY
essa musica ta gritando na minha cabeça, principalmente da hora q ela fala " and keep your money, I got my own ... "
eu sempre
"Don't hurt Yourself" - Eu mesma hoje



we gonna see each other fr I want pics in the meantime
after AIT , so dec or Jan.
when you coming back to br ?
gooodd
good , how you ?
how you doing
😭😘
i miss you moreeee
I miss ameya so much



youre a liar you just wanna see westbrook posterize durant
I seriously love him
me either man. Westbrook is on a mission
I just wanna watch them play the thunder
god damnit 😂
I have more cap space then they do
need to get someone in there besides pachulia. He can play offense but not defense
no bigs will be a problem
The Warriors look like they forgot how to play defense.



you know how dat nigga is.. ima hit yo line later and see wat you on
his lil shit
bout what
bet, ur brother bullshitted last night
lmfao, ian got no moves, link up.
u gotta stop that shit 😂 watchu on tonight 🤔
bitch make me change it
man change your faggot ass avi
i'm in class bout to die man



i feel you on that, yeah Fable is cool. One of the 2 western rpgs I like lol
i've always wanted to play fable im trynna get physical tho and have a cool collection
theres also Fable and the Knights of the republic games(on PC too i believe)
im liking what im seeing might have to invest in an xbox and jump on the team
Jet set radio future, shenmue 2, panzer dragoon, ninja gaiden black, otogi 1&amp;2, gun valkyrie, Outrun 2
yee
as in OG Xbox?
so uhhh what are good classic xbox tittles
PS and Nintendo over Xbox for me but I'm willing to pick up xbox stuff for my collection



okay thanks
I'll send u the link in a bit
no I have where is at?😳
did you see the last episode? The Halloween episode?
finished all of scream season 2 dam I had a feeling it was him , but of course it's gonna continue lol
you'll love it
I seen the first season just not the 2 . It's already good 😌
you'll be sooooo freaking on the edge of your seat
Time to watch #Scream season 2😌



ahhhhh ur right ur right. I overlooked that fact
it does tho. You have to remember I'm an artist and I live in Atlanta. Everyone listens to everything here old or new
u can't tell me kid Cudi name come up in music convo in 2016 tho
do that all you want
🤔
nigga yes like 2 weeks ago I was listening to his music while I was getting stoned
so u was bumping kid Cudi in 2016 before the drake and Kanye thing?
he's been relevant embecile
for making himself relevant again by dissing Drake just like everybody else tries to do



you know I will
rock it!!
wfmj at 5-7am 🐧🐧😛
OMG i will!!! hahahaha
watch me on the news at 5 am 😂😂
you and me both! hahaha all in this together
girl you for real know I'm about to come to our class looking dead hahah
don't sleep, that's what coffee is for
I have to be up in a hour and still can't sleep. Life is great rn 🙃






I'm... Going through changes too. 😉
Lmaooo welp 🤓 I hope you're well 😊
I've peeped



you may be right.



🙄🙄🙄 annoying
I changed my handle again 🙃🤓 lol



kbone the deal
good thing i just grabbed some meth then wouldn't wanna b a Poser
kbone sounds like a meth addict tbh
where the fuck is my cool nickname
if you were mbone I'd screenshot that and pin it.
woat not wait smfh
oh..... my god. the first absolute wait thing you've ever said. HOW tbh
Nutella is trash smh
peanut butter is literally everything does anyone in the world literally not like it i was so emo now i'm eating pb&amp;nutella feelin Brand New



I guess it's popular across the world. 2 weeks it all be over. Then we be back to normal that we don't remember what normal is
mum turns the channel, barely watch any news now. Always on the news x
I wonder if youz as sick of it as we r it's on 24/7.Can't get thru 1 program without hearing something. Mom's phone acting up
oh yes. Still on the news here all the time! Xxxx
Oh yes she's excited for the Indians. It is quite exciting.Gets her mind off this crazy election.It's crazier on a daily basis
blimey, it has been a while then! Bet mummy enjoyed watching them x
Mom tells me she wanted to see her team win the world series before she croaks. Last time was 1948 so they overdue. M♡
evening my pal. Well that sounds exciting! Xxxx
Hey pal you up &amp; out? We still awake big baseball game tonight &amp; Mom's team won. I don't quite understand that it's again. M♡



she was from the dirty south though
lmao idk my last south ting couldn't handle the pressure.
lmao this the good part of the south
ahh man chick probably look like Freddy Kruger 😭😭😭
naaaah this my southern yaams, she got a friend for you lol
lol same chick we was talking about?
fucking donuts smh naaah but old fling hit me up on snap about you lol
niggas still mad about those trash Cinnabon's smh
But I can't miss out on some money😑😑😑😑



yeah you gotta purge SA bro 😂😂😂
this is every morning!
damn y'all traffic that bad bro? Oh nah you gotta go back home and start over
the issue is I haven't even made it to 35
oh yeah you sleep lol. Coming down 35 you was gon have to leave at 5:30 😂.
bro I was suppose to be on my way up there but I've been in traffic!
We chillin up here in Austin lol
This shit happens every fuckin morning. Fuck SA man.
I should not be in traffic for 30 mins to get to a destination. This is unacceptable.



aw man i miss working out there endless good food
no Bethesda
just asking lol u work in Va ?
watchu meen ... I'm omw to work .
wyd up
Goodmorning !!
already ahead of da game 😬
better get their
Long as im across da bridge to Va before 615 im good lol



yea we have a cold snap coming. I busted out the heavy comforter. And the hot rum/cider drinks for during Pens games 😏
oh yes, thankfully because that was horrible. now i'm just trying to stay warm. it's getting cold up here!
and how are you today? Done being sick I hope?
Yeah that is terrible
I've heard people use that actual term and it made me shudder like my spine was twisting up haha
omg if i ever call it that please smack me
also better than the snappy 😂
ohhhh i loveeeeee SNIPCHAT!!! it is way better than snapchat, that's for losers.
for the most accurate historical tours please follow pittsburghdan on the snipchat



stop yelling at me
fuck my bad
DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY GENDER?
brehhhh lol
YOU'RE FUCKING SCUM, YOU DESERVE A SEIFT KICK TO THE JAW YOU OPPRESSOR
i'm literally cackling rn lmaoo
AS A VEGAN CROSSFITTER I AM FUCKING TIRGGERED
hahahaha sdhejshsn lmaoo
I identify as transcisgenderfluid dirty laundry with a side of Trashkin and AIkin. Also I'm a furry.



man I wanted to go to St. Francis High in La Canada soooo bad. But mom was like naw go to public school #blessingindisguise
ya catholic school private school kid I couldn't even watch simpsons flash to 2005 my 10yr old bro family guy every night
ouch, back in the day especially the 90s the best records had the sticker. You must have been in Radio Disney Hell
I wasn't allowed anything with that parental advisory sticker
on my floor when I came home from school and she immediately thought I was smoking weed. (Didn't till I was 20)
got Cronic 2001 as valentines gift from my gf in 7th grade, and my mom found it broke it into pieces
took Slim Shady EP &amp; Offspring Americana tapes to elementary school &amp; got suspended 4 a wk. #wellworthit #1999
@ a private catholic school they called my mom&amp;she took away my radio would never let me have a parental ad sticker #90sprobs 😂
3rd grade teacher questioner we had to read around 1st few days of school my favorite song:2ofAmericaz most wanted



pics of me?
u didn't i just feel uncomfortable. Would appreciate if u had some pics or something
did i offend you man? Never meant to do that. 😞
that block button is itching 😒
hahaha
am i gonna have to keep an eye on you? 🤔👀
unless you are police omg
aren't we all?
I'm stuck between wanting to cry and rolling a blunt



our new GM is going to be from Vegas hahaha hopefully she's cool
wow she would be leaving 😑
he got a better job.... and it's Naomi's last day next Tuesday lmao
but why tho
yes over the phone 😂😂😂
yo, wtf Rod quit?
I just got off of work lol
go to sleep
It is barely going to be Wednesday and the type of fuckery I've had to deal with is beyond me



would love to do that, and I'm sure we could find others =)
I would love to get a bunch of us together for a ride to BLFC. #Memories
with hard work, I'll join you one day for a retreat to remember, no slacking for me ^^
Someday*
sounds like a blast, but an excursion like that is out of my budget for the time being =(
It goes all across country and through Rocky mountains. If anyone goes I will be happy to go too. Hate alone trips.
except for the solitude, seems like the trip one can dream of =)
*Everything. That includes three meals a day with package. Takes 4 days from my house. Beautiful trip, love it but alone :(  😐
Checking Amtrak tickets for BLFC cabin, bed, private, bathroom, shower evetything $3400 4 days. Flight 6 hours 400 round trip XD



shit I am 😂 a nigga need at least 5 hrs a night
this just my life bro I'm not a big sleeper
shit weird ain't it ?
bro idk I just can't sleep
Ctfu nigga why
nigga I ain't even been sleep yet smh I'm salty
idek why I'm up bro I can't sleep
😂😂
I need to smoke, this cold turkey 🦃 not going



I have work!
we can chill after if you want!
yup in class rn.
UGHHHHH THIS BITCH. You have class today?
I can't stand my grandmother .
lmao. You alright?
nah all love your way boo.
@ me
This women really really knows how to fucking piss me off .



it use to be our god! You've become this selfish person 🙄. You should switch gyms!
omg
you can have him. He ain't shit anyway!!
you know wassup lol
🙄🙄ain't even deny it!!
😩😩
c3 &gt; me
MF
Nothin like gettin together with the guys and just having a good genuine conversation ✊🏿



RIGHT??? i can't quite figure out who Zens VA could be though?
YES. HE'S PERFECT FOR SEVEN.
CLIFFORD CHAPIN. he voiced Hide from Tokyo Ghoul.
definitely! I'm not sure who would voice Seven though.
and i feel like Yoosung would sound a lot like whoever did the VA for Nagisa in Free
YES! I knew I wasn't alone in thinking this!
I WAS JUST THINKING ABOUT THIS THE OTHER DAY HE WOULD 100% BE JUMIN
Let's be honest, if MM was an anime and if there were to be an English dub of said anime, J Michael Tatum would probs get casted as Jumin.
Please tell me I'm not the only one who hears J Michael Tatum's voice when reading Jumin's messages.



I'm a ghost
then how are you talking to me? 😱
I'm not dude
then how are you alive? 😂😂😂
dude same between work and school full time I don't even have time to breathe.
aweh Vannie! I miss you too. College has been keeping me in my toes and I work on weekends. 😩😩 I do miss you a lot.
I actually miss the shit out of you
I actually miss reading books rn. 😩



Thanks love :)
I've taken screenshots of the abusive tweets.
He's in the celeb industry. They get wind of him targeting people and his reputation is shot.
Good! So if he follows through on his threats we know who he is. They seldom follow through but be careful.
One of my other tweeps knows his identity. He's got an autograph signing business.
With all the harassment and bullying.
Yeah I was in the other room. Why?
Are you ok?



I'll be there Thursday 👀
but if you're in Clarksdale, I can put you on with someone I deliver to
when you coming down👀
got plenty of that. I gotcha
bring some of that weed too! That shit so good😭
I think Ima start selling em if I come to MS😂
need to send me some😂
I always turn my phone off when I take shrooms😩 I hate to hear that mf make any sound while I'm high😂



Will do, from one night owl to another. Lol
Thank you! Will do! If there's ever anything you'd like to see, just shoot me a tweet! ☺️💞
Keep it up girl! 🙌💛
Oh, you're so kind! I'm just happy I can share my love of music &amp; country music with you. ☺️
Really mean it and your knowledge of music is crazy good.
Aww, Thank you so much, Gail! Means a lot! 💞
You are so cute! Enjoy your tweets.
Just pinned my first tweet on my profile! Should be interesting....🤔😉



I remember that, poor guy, he's a lover not a fighter
can't forget about the time I had to take Marcus Butler to the Muskogee ER when he got pepper sprayed in the dorm parking lot
long drive to get told your STD isn't a pregnancy
man, I can't count how many times we had to drop someone off at Hastings, usually in the middle of the night.
the Healthcare situation is actually better than when we were kids. But still not the best. ER visits over Hastings visits
yeah, i really didn't care for paying the penalty for not having health insurance when I was laid off last year
yeah, I could use a bit of that too
I'm still waiting on all this free healthcare, college, housing, and money from the government, that everyone says us Native Americans get.



love you too 💘
love you girl. Thank you!!!
yes you can Mickey promise ya! I'll help ya today 💗
I literally can't. I've been up all night and I can't pass these modules
you can do it babe!
trust me I know...
we have a test today too 😂
If algebra was a person... I would take its mom out to a nice seafood dinner AND NEVER CALL HER AGAIN.



ahh I can't wait too see him tomorrow 😋😋😋😋😋😍😍😍😛😛
peroooo queee sexy😓😓😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
when he said I go to the gym we were both like 👀👀 que ? lmaooooooooo
he did ask I heard him clearly 😬 we already know his name and shit 😂
I got nervous lmfao imagine he didn't ask for our names and i'm like ALEXIS 😀 he'd be like tf ? 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Bitch you ignored him he's prob all sad at work rn 😂😂
dude i'm in love with him 😭 I neeeeeed his number lol






oh, she does that regardless. lol
surprised they cat didn't beat up the dog.
dog cleaned cat's bowl. This went on for a couple days before the cat sat on my head and made her complaint clear
ooops
the dog kept eating all the cats food, so when I figured it out and fed her, she inhaled her food.  5 minutes later *ack*
I think she had too many treats. Damn kids. Lol
how weird, mine did too. But I'm not sure if it was a hair all or if she just ate too fast
My cat spit up for the very first time yesterday. She's over 2 years old so I was wondering when that shit would start. 😕



Have no fear, I'm always ready to drink! Lol
one day. Wear what you like but be ready to drink my friend.
Lol. You had me at "stare"
one day we'll meet, we'll stare, &amp; then we'll drink as friends
Cheers Mike!
I appreciate folks that are real, you are genuine in your expressions.
You are too kind!
one day I will want to meet you because you are a person who adds to a person's experience - I look forward to that time



I know if I start watching it again I'll get hooked and I can't rn haha hopefully over winter break!
ohhhh yeah schools fucking my ass at the moment so I feel ya, there's no hope for me catching up on tv shows yet 😪
I should probably continue it but I needed a small break from it lol especially since college fucks me up haha
ahhhh I'll think about it 😋
same..I watched it only for them, however they dont really appear that much at first. But I fell in love w the plot&amp;other ppl
I already know so much of what happens though 😩id only watch it for Ian and Mickey lmao
doooo itttt...dooooo ittttt
Really wanna start shameless but would also like to keep my sanity



in the 3rd ODI #NZ dropped #KHOLI s catch  its a match turning point !! #indvsNZ pitches wont decide matches. it all in the team
NZ made the final and India didn't you muppet.
what about the #AUS #NZ world cup did any one questioned even #indvsNZ have spinners dont blame the pitch. improve ur game
it's the dead pitches with no bounce that spin like a top. You never see India replicate this outside the subcontinent
then why do #NZ gets high in opening part.. they loose wick in Mid ovs its the turn over its not about the pitches. who plays
The tracks not sporting. There's a reason why India only win at home then get the shit pasted out of them all round the globe
what happend in the last 3 ODI s dont u know what happend in the 2 ODI #IND lost by 6 runs in 2 ings its a sportive track
Do the Indian groundsmen even bother to prepare a wicket, or do they just chuck some dirt down and stomp it in? #indvsnz



the sunshine and whatever water eats
what do beers eat to make them beers.
why you gotta get so real with me, now i wont be able to sleep after all these beers
animal that also has to eat something which means they also are what they eat, which also means so on and so forth
actually it means that you are just various chemicals that make up the chorizo, because chorizo is a sausage which is from an
err I mean Booty
does that mean I'm chorizo and sour cream right now?
you are what you eat!!!"This means that you are various vitamins and minerals"



Damn bro text her you did something that you don't know you did lol
lol nah I remembered I told you man I was being a good boy smh
lmao you forgot her birthday
I won't even acting up bro lol,
smh
man I actually was being shit this time you know,
damn bro lmfao who you fuck over?
Somebody really slashed my tires yesterday lol



idk I just thought of it😂
when did we agree to that??
I thought it was sapphire
be quiet Sage
well u r a bootyhole
no
:-( imysm, come back and stay for like 30 days
in a week and I'm sad



agreed!
awe now this sounds like a story to be written about :)
owned now by the son, his daughter waiting on us; she lives above the bar and her little boy runs around the place-dingy but fun!
oow how cool in the 30's I think this would feel amazing still to be n your there like time travel back n future combined :)
thanks, Beez! Fun pic taken last week at a bar opened in the 30's by a boxer.
I gotta get some of that what you got in yah Avi :))fist up pow pow lol funny was gona tell u other day how I like your pic✨
I like what you write, no fluff that I've ever seen!
gad I'm full of itfluff I honestly wish one day just once I can write like squealing rubber burning spin out of control n not look back



okay, you’ve got me there.  I wonder if his # is still the same.
You must not know lance very well :)
they’ll read email.  :)
is allowing it, even if the NCAA missed it somehow.
I suggest that you refer this to your coaching staff.  Tell Lance that Geof Morris sent you.
he also went back to tier 3 juniors for some time too. Coaches recruited him knowing he was semi-pro. Violation?
but if there’s shenanigans there, I’ll take forfeits on the debacles this weekend.
Soooo LSSU has a former major junior player on their team… that's leading their team in scoring... that’s not legal…#thingsthatmakeyouwonder



dont tell me how to live my life
I hope so cause I just said to do that
oh i will
ok do you booboo
nope lol. Ill stop wearing them
some girls. You're fine mf
ok sorry ill stop wearing them
Some girls should not wear crop tops



aight see you then
turning up
wyd thursday night
alright lmk let's get it
midterms this week lol. i'm free starting thursday
automatic everyday if anything. Where you was lastnight
what drink this wknd
Came home shower get ready, but now I'm stranded.



most of the top 10 point guards are 2 way players. Harden ain't no 2 way player
you're dumb. If you wanna consider him a PG he just entered a class that he's not the top of. Top SG, not top PG
while that may be true harden is easily top 10
you're an ogre
lol ur dumb
Harden barely in my top 10. He's still a SG to me
harden #1
Westbrook, Irving, Curry, Lillard, Paul. That's my top 5 PGs an idc about yours



nah just how much we have been pawns in the legal system and to the case law
in regards to the politicians in power that saw their communities devastated &amp; wanted something "done" for their support.
Makes me 💭 how much black people have contributed to the laws and policies and fiber of the Anglo American legal system think about it?
Don't know much about the EDNY prosecutor personally other than he comes from a family of decorated det's so I can understand his decision
It's unprecedented that the local Feds don't go forward and the DOJ steps in
The PBA union lawyers are not skilled though will be interesting to see who gets hired
Doj bringing it to show prosecutors are not tools and no one is above the law
The politics behind this Eric Garner killing are unprecedented. Doj to bring charges after EDNY declined. Loretta will be gone soon too.



*sigh* i guess you right... Goddammit 😔😔
if the shoe fits rock it well you feel me pimpin
yeah i always gotta be the bad guy i'm SICK of it *stomps the floor and crosses arms*
always?
why it always gotta be my fault???
I blame u b
shoulda been there already
Taking my fine ass to bed 💅💅💅💕💕💕



what ? Lol
😑👎
Same here lol
watching netflix. u
Wyd
no seriously
suck for u
I hate how i cannot sleep at nighttt



😂 zamn
I'm about to put her up for adoption 😂
😑 motherhood
and she's fast asleep now.
damn my daughter is sitting here playing😑
my daughter. I was sleeping so well and she woke me up. Smh.
👀
I'm. Going. To. Kill. Her.



lmao I think the answer is people wanna do themselves
please weigh in. all my bio knowledge has been used up
makes sense. What about gay couples tho
I mean they also don't want a child with extra toes We're programmed to not want to mate with persons we have known since birth
makes sense to just breed with relatives then, que no
they want to have offspring that look like them because they want to pass off their genes both phenotypically and genotypically
It's weird, buddies.
Is there a reason people tend to choose romantic partners that they look like they could be related to? Like, a scientific reason



nope not yet I'm drying my clothes , my ass fell asleep last night.,😂😩💀
you must be on your way to work ?
LMFAOOOOO!!!😂😂😂😂😩😩😂😂😂😂😂
and is .. cause I can picture your face if you woke up to it 💀
lol you jus too damn silly 😂😂
my gma was like what's wrong w. you 😭😭
lol girl you play too much I was serious 😂😂😂
had me loud asf laughing " unh unh don't do that " 😭😭



cuz imma gonna shoot like I did in my last clip I posted
why u scared sexy?
lol I'm scared.
fuck that, I'm gonna edge lmao... At least I'll get a small bit of relief without nutting. I just need to stroke my dick
I know!!😭😭😭I wanna edge, but I know if I do imma hit the wrong pressure point and explode!
I haven't nutted since last Wednesday /Thursday. I'm on lock down by Bryant as far as that goes lmao. He said I gotta hold it😂
Mmhmm
me?



...country was poorer.
The vast majority of those things have all kinds of capital and fiscal problems. Choo Choos were only sensible when the ...
that's silly. Congestion isn't a sign that more lanes are needed. Examples are everywhere. Atlanta is a good one.
With roads it’s very easy to determine if you are SUPPLYING what is wanted, not forcing it.
why isn't this the same for road construction? It's all social/civil engineering. Shouldn't pretend otherwise.
There is a long, long way to go. Plus the bond market risks. then the other question is, is it even ethical?
look around the blue, green and Northstar lines. It is already happening.
“Sim City” Exactly. they want to force demand and development around Choo Choos. It won’t work because we aren’t lab rats. #tcnt



ik lets have a reunion
OH SHIT! ur right I completely forgot about that. That was a while ago too tho
no we were at that kids house w the pool and the tent and the speaker lol
facts tho last time I saw you were we doing community service 😭 lmao
me too haven't seen u in 4ever😔
lol it's 9 I'm awake already😳
go back 2 sleep lol
call ur henchmen slime



lmfao do she think she joseline or some n blu n sheema
😳😂😂😂 saying what  ? Who fixed her bowl?
lmfso we all was taking her ass out
you know I would've said some lol 💯
bra you should've been there
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
we was trying to ask this hoe who she was n she acting like we was paparazzi 💀💀
wanted to act like she was Beyoncé or some 😂😂😂😂 when she came in to chipotle 💀💀💀



yeah im pretty pissed because im on a waiting list for one of my classes
you're tellin me. I was on the verge of ripping my hair out
yeah BG needs to figure out a different way to do this lol
finally got it to work. i guess i got locked out of my account after trying to log in so many times :'))
oh well idk mine worked fine it only took me like 3 trys
just walked down to my computer lab &amp; still wont work omfg
dont use wifi go to a computer lab or something
Im about to loose the smalllllllllllll little bit of patience i have left in me if this website does not let me schedule my damn classes



I'm gonna start walking /jogging again. That's really all that doesn't annoy me.
yeah, I hate exercising. Period!!! So what I do is just a few sit ups and push ups and go to LA fitness and play bball.
I like spinach salads so that's fine. It's just exercise I'm annoyed by
I had to stomach the fact that salads help tremendously. Darker the green, the better. I cut up chicken and turkey with it.
how sway? I need to lose 30 period.
I gotta lose about 30 more before I go home for TG. I had to tame my sugar crave. I got it under control now
oh it's lit. Congrats boo. I really need to do SOMETHING.
I lost 8lbs in 7 days eating only salads, Turkey meat, grilled chicken breasts, grapes, and 2 gallons of water a day.



Smackdown looks like the attitude era compared to raw right now. As hard to watch as #impactwrestling. #needcoffeeforthis
yeah, SD is the superior show right now.
when u got Hllywd writers with no wrestling brain writing a wrestling show you get "we want wrestling chants"   #Embarrassedfan
that's why we're here. amazing how many people think the same way.
thanks for the review by the way. Funny I think a lot of the same shit you do when shits going down on #wweprogramming
hah. Watched the review huh?
stole the words out of my mouth #rawisaturdsandwich
As bad as that segment was, still better than a women's arm wrestling match on RAW.



I'm not complaining.
okay but at least you got merch. Be happy!!! You've experienced his show!! The little things matter most.
True. I was bummed I couldn't get the camo tee.
the one you see wearing the most. That's the one you should take care of best.
Good idea. Not sure which one.
Frame a shirt. Memorabilia!
I bought lots of it in Oakland &amp; 2 items today.
Anybody wanna snapcash me money for some Kanye merch? Thanks



where are you watching it from?
I lost the dvd😢
I still have that movie on DVD
same! But it's my favorite movie ever and she's my fav princess
haven't watched that movie in forever!
beauty and the beast
what movie?
I'm crying over a movie😢



fuuuuuuck that 😂😂
yea cause you're buying them early! The seats around me are being sold for $150 rn! And I bought them for $30. 😂
yes !! That's why I bought them, they were way cheaper for this show 😭
eww! Did you at least get pit tickets?!
not tomorrow, November 23rd 😁
so you are going tomorrow?!
YAAAAS
Kanye is gonna be so fucking lit I swear to gawd!!!



let me get over my irrational fear of crowds and people in general real quick and I'll be there.
well you aren't wrong. Give me a 2 week notice and I'd still be 20 minutes late prolly.
I won't be getting out of work until like 8 at the earliest. You don't have to be on time to have a good time.
I get out of work at 7:30 &gt;:(
royal oak music theater. Doors open at 6.
!!!!! What!!! I need to go. Where at and what time.
yo. Thursday. The wonder years, knuckle puck, moose blood, real friends. It's $30. Go
I miss doing shit in general. All I do is work



wow I don't eat that
it was just pudding 🙄
😭😭😭🙏🏾 go
my step dad made ziti but I think they snuck a bowl of banana pudding in there too bout to go see 😭
im hungry lol what you got
what happen boo?
👀
Let me go eat something



True... but would I rather go to PGL Vegas, or EVO 2017? Don't know if I can do both. Haha
but vegas ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Hopefully there are more that I can go to. Absolutely can't justify flying to Cali when I have bills to pay. Haha
I know I know bb :( going to see bae this weekend. We're trying to come to an event soon
Absolutely! Wish you'd come though so we can hang bb.
Dude if shirts are dope there I may get you to pick me up 2 I can PayPal. Lemme know 💕
I live 1.5 hours away, but don't have a team. Might come spectate this weekend though if I don't get a last-minute squad.
Are more than 20 teams going to stl?



I guess I just have to get stronger will power 😭😭😭 the struggle is too real
I bite my lips and cheeks too 😭
I even do that and I still end up biting them )): idk i bite the inside of my cheeks too and like the skin around my nails
it's hard dude I tried everything and nothing work until I made myself finally stop because I wanted to paint my nails lol
getting long I bit them and it's so nasty but I can't stop 😭😭😭
and I still pick and them and it takes every inch of my body to stop myself to this day but it's been a year and I'm so happy
I bit my nails for 14 years straight and there's honestly no way to stop it. Especially it it's a nervous habit which mine was
someone stop me from biting my fucking nails dude ughhhhh



you don't know what I've been through
nobodyyyy loves me I hateeee womennnnnn
how am I a cryface 😂
I would date u if u wasn't such a cry face
I would date u if you wasn't such a bitch ass
hay garbitch
hay bitch
I ruined my nice healthy hair there not even long no more cause I burned them they got short I dont no how



I actually have been through that.
People I never knew existed til now. I'm trying to piece it all together
Blood, like from my dad
"Supposed" family contacting me now.
My family on that side is so big I never knew. Now my finding out, through those I didn't know.
I may have 4 older half brothers I never knew of. I'm doing a lot of piecing together right now to find out.
Like what?
My damn world is upside down right now. I've learned stuff in the last 24 hours I should have learned a long time ago.



TRUTH 🙌🏻💸😂
honestly if i learned how to tie a baby zebra a goat would be no prob😂😂
😂😂😂 only in yo dreams sweetheart! 😉😋😂😂 &gt;insert zebra emoji here&lt;
damn too bad i can't use baby ZIGGY lol he's too big 😂 #lookwhostalking
HA! You have lost your mind! Hell to the nah can you use my baby Cisco! 🙄😂😂💕 #hoe
yasss!!! i trained JD for it &amp; Richard just taught me how to tie so all i need is a goat.. Can i use Cisco lol?😂😘
you're doing goats? Lol
practicing goat tying my foot rn &amp; i've rope burned it.. bad..



that entire family is trash. like literally trash.
LMAO okay tru
welp i dont remember that at all and fuck that kid lol
yeah i think we kinda followed each other on everything back when i was friends with dalton
What the fuck, i dont remember adding you but i guess i did that already. coolio.
same as twitter n pretty much everything
What is your insta?
okay i use instagram more than i even use twitter these days but wow my aesthetic on there sucks ass im an embarrassment



you know when you come ?
it's straight son.. ready to come home tho
how they treating you up there ?
Nebraska
Wya now ?
I get off.. nigga had to be in at 3 this mornin
till 👀
7 more hours 🙄😴



or we can play in a local lan we each other and dominate lol
gotcha pal gotta chill soon
if you need anything Dm me homie
ik man I've been in a little slump lately and I'm trying to build my dreams back up
Ik I will be playing IW variant if that doesn't go good I'll be become a coach, and bro don't give up you have talent and ambition
I need this
I'm right here bro wassup
Need a coach / confidence booster to gas me up 😂



😂 I remember when we graduated to juniors..
honestly kind of thought it was a cult growing up and I was secretly only in it because my mom made me but love the memories
BY THE WAY. do you remember girl scouts?!
where do you even get fake id's #imagirlscout
You Got It cupcake.
but.... I will have to get a fake id first 🙄
we need to road trip to ironstone vineyards soon, flipping beautiful dude and it's only like an hour away
I wanna get married at a Vineyard.. did I say at? I meant TO.... because ya know.. Wine.



i'm not yet sleepy.. Hahaha.. And i'm kinda angry right now.. Pissed off again because of someone or probably at myself.
I see, so why are you still awake? Not yet sleepy? Or waiting for someone?
hahahaha 😂. No... It's 3:41am right now and I got home from work like 3 hours ago.. 😂
lazy day? Get up and do something! (Putahrages ang hirap jusq mali pa ata sinasabi ko) hahahaha
like. I'm staring at the ceiling cause i'm lying down 😂
so what's up men? Hahahahaha
sure sure 👌🏻😂
Hoy tara englishan tayo! Hahahahahaha



that bitch was stat padding like a hoe, nigga yall up by 20!! in tha 4th and you still in?
Great minds think alike. Just hating. Speaking of hating LBJ jumper still broke af 👀
i swear i was thinkin tha same thing, just like the 11 heat
100% but people forgot the 11 Heat started slow af too but I'm sleep 😴
thats bs, they really needed that ass whoopin they woke now
Right bro and they saying they won't win the West etc. I mean dann
only 1 game smh
Yes the Spurs thumped the Warriors but stop saying they won't win this or that. Still so much ball to play



😂 you were still telling me you love me even though you were being a bitch so I was like okay it's good she loves me lmaooo
never again going through that tho lol worst shit
no lie i think if it were someone else who gave me shit I probably would have thrown hands lmao Ima keep w tequila now😂
bitch I did try it but idk what it did to you 😂 I was like op I think today's the day me &amp; Elizabeth are going to throw hands
omggggg! Hahahha I was such a bitch. You should try it😂
I know I needa be Elizabeth but when she's off that henny 😂
you're too nice sometimes lol
I'm sooooo over being nice. Like seriously that's it 🙅🏻



I don't think imma be conscious on Halloween either 🤔 I'm having a house party , over 200 Jell-O shots.
ur crazyy💀 i wouldnt be alive for the nighttime 😂
day drinking 😻
shit fuck it😂 ima be drunk ill be hot af 😂
😤 it's gonna be a harsh halloween
😭😭noo im so sad
FUCKING ICE COLD
I dont even wanna step foot outside cus i already know its cold🤔🙄



lol sure thing bud 😉
okay well no more opinions on mine. not your business. so keep your mouth shut. I'm done with this
it's my opinion of an animal therefore it is my business
talking "shit" about other people's animals isn't your business.
I'm allowed to talk about pig with my boyfriend that is my business
you're so childish, worry about your own damn animals &amp; let other people worry about theirs.
wow you're such a great influence on the new ffa members, you should be so proud of yourself
I send pictures of pigs to Hayden to talk about how shitty they look



lol I won't I promise
I'm gonna cry when I meet her tbh don't judge me
dude I know ! 26 days until my due date but after this week she could literally be here any day 😭
you have no idea how excited I am that she will be here in less then a month 😭💖
miss u too !! I got her hospital bag ready today 😭💓🐘
Imy &amp; my peanut :(( ❣️
go to sleep
Yo I've never vibed with someone like this before



Exactly. One thing I will say though, through the first three interviews he seemed too standoffish with the interviewees.
it's just another flavor of victimhood.
Eh, a lot of these folks aren't stupid though. It's about fear. They're afraid of "change".
it's astonishing anyone is that stupid and obtuse on purpose in this century.
Exactly! The "shirt and tie, white nationalist" as the one lady put it. They have a better chance of recruiting more people.
the weirdo Nazi groups are as expected - it's the people who might pass for normal who are shocking.
I DVRed it. Haven't finished watching it yet. Was at the point where he was interviewing the second guy.
I watched "Hate Rising" last night. Highly recommended. The corridor scene with Ramos and the Trump Camaign says it all. #NeverTrump



text me 7705499955
yea.
you in atl?
December 11th.
yeah dead ass when is it
fr? Airline tickets 66$ round trip.
me
Anyone tryna go to Denver for the thug 21 show? It's gonna be lit.



thank boo boo! happy you're not with ur "hot shit" ex too ahaha
GIRL I'm glad you not with that controlling asshole anymore smh what is wrong with men lmao
right!? like girrrrrrl my ex didn't want me to wear shorts without him around LOLOL #TRUSTORY
you're right lol I dated an Asian and he thought he was hot shit smh :/
I've dated 2 and they're both so similar thinking they're the shit and stuff. So possessive 12/10 don't recommend
GIRL WHY. They're so cute I want them all :( #althoughanasianbrokemyheartbefore
no, no you do not. TRUSTS MI
I want an Asian boyfriend



I'm not feelin class tomorrow rn but I definitely won't be feeling it in the morning
I wouldn't mind being weak if it meant I could get some rest before work 😂
"sleep is for the weak" id like some of it though
obviously sleep just isn't on our schedule for today lol
I have to be up for class at 8😂😂😂 this insomnia a bitch
it's annoying. I have to be up for work at 8! 😭
same des
Can someone explain to me why I am still awake?!



no, that's totally cool!!
It was neat. Could see bone in my finger then fatty acids in the fleshy part of my arm. I know. I'ma dork.
that is fricking badass, no lie
I actually did point the laser at myself a few weeks ago and could see a signal from the bone in my finger. How cool is that?
anyone else? Uncoooooool.
Yes! Do not point the lasers at yourself or anyone else.  ;p
is it to not point the lasers at yourself?
Interesting. Catching up on internal SOPs in the office this morning.  We've a new health and safety policy for working alone in the field.



alright I appreciate it!
it took me 6 weeks to get my job from application, and I was already on the books haha
as much as the job asks for unless you can justify it otherwise in your cover letter, and I dunno!
do you know how much experience I would need to get an email back? Or how long it would take to hear back
ah! I dunno if I'll be much help, but I can try to answer a quick question or two
the associate producer job I mean
?
can I talk to you about the AP job?



so did i.....jk 😂
i thought i was gonna die lol
I was dead ass about to call the police hahahha
lmaoooo i was scared when i was at that creepy motel 😯
hold me. I'm scared lol
that movie is the CREEPIEST movie I've ever seen
The strangers just csme on tv. I'm fucked. Not sleeping..bye.



nah I'm not, gotta get my life together
nah you good
I know!!! Midterms is killing me 😢 I'm going to fix my schedule starting next week 😊
random ass eye emoji but whoa three hours WHO are you
I need to! I slept like 3 hours last night 👀
go to sleep
I'm trying so hard to keep my eyes open 👀



As do you Catherine,thanks for compliment-appreciated
You sure do each day. Thank you for your insights!
Doing my part as much as can-we must prevail
Can win Senate, Beverly. Take 25 seats in House. We can prevail! Must get out Dem vote. Can't have tarnished Presidency-vulgar man
You nailed it Catherine and many of us have not forgotten,dont have selective memory,know cant fix what don't own-hope we prevail
All contrived by Koch Bros. Backed Tea Party, did gerrymandering won state legislatures, Governors, etc. won House obstructed PBO!
#msnbc #morningjoe 2010 teaparty came to blow governance up and they did #Trump #Bannon coming to blow country up #Vote #HRC=CRITICAL



Yeah I saw them site things that proved the narrative they wanted
with citations
I still have tNoNope. She has others
BTW what happened 2 ur Jill logo. Have u dumped her already? She needs YOU cuz YOU is all she has now.
No it isn't but they have proven Hillary is a two faced person.
If WikiLeaks is all u have...that's pathetic. Every time they release emails, she widens her lead over Trump and Jill
#WikiLeaks has confirmed everything non-HC shields have been saying about HillaryAt least Hillary being corrupted isn't up 4 debate anymore



Well he was treating it like Dark Souls tho. Running passed mobs to go to the boss. So yeah he was bound to run out.
Either way by the end of the game you come out with way too many of them, and barely anything can touch you
Yes and no on the same thing lol. His main complaint was farming blood viles.
You could be necking vodka for all I care, and I would still buy the damn thing on day one
didn't help that the person streaming was the one that caused the argument. 😒
Game theory here I come
I've never been so tilted than watching a chat argue over which is better Blood Viles or Estus.



i'm chillin' lil mama
don't do this
i'm sure
I don't know what you talking about
lol oh plz. Every day it's somebody new u tweetIng abt to marry u or give u babies
this is why we can't start a family Ima have to fight uber drivers lol
And I Dnt Ever Shoot My Shot Smh



totally, but I liked the OK doc, haha
Chuck is so far gone from race relations. On a scale of 1 to OJ Simpson, he's up there on being out of touch on his community
Barkley is so out of touch, he is an Uncle Tom
ESPECIALLY Jim Brown. They're not offering anything outside of typical victim/community blaming. This is solving nothing.
can at least one of them talk about their experience about how they were Fd with because of their race, they have stories
like...what...is...the...point if you're giving one sided opinions?
Watching this TNT NBA deal about race, such weak sauce, so out of touch of the legit issues of the movement, why bother then



damn:/ 💵
buying a shirt directly supports the willow fund
me too!
ummmmmmm i'm cute?
free
$18
Why are shirts so expensive????



😂💀💀 EAT SOME CLIT
suck some DICK
I'm so BOREDT
homework.
wyd
Almost done. 🙂
I got a presentation due tomorrow but of course I haven't started on it. 🙃



fuck em
dont speak on my city rara 😘😂
ok 👍
no kause aint nobody doin you no type of way 😴
👈you 👆
who you talkin bout ?
Ima just start doing her like she be doing me 💯



try me
so help me God I will get it trending if you don't play My Name Is Mud
stop that hashtag now
NOW ALL THREE OF US HAVE PROBLEMS #RubChucksBack
BUT JOSH IS THE ONE WHO HAS A PROBLEM!
other way around
Let's take a vote! Should Chuck rub Josh's back?



ahhhh really? It was only 1 drink lol
No pos sí ya vi que andas tomando si i can't lol
ahhhhh believe me !
ajaaa
hahha no nqv 🤔
deseguro si andas cruda 🙄😏😂
Tengo un dolor de cabeza como que si anduviera cruda 😭



most of the stigma is fans being overly mad that it aint turnbased. FF aint been turn based since like 03
it's just how the game been in dev so long. And idk the stigma around the game weird. Season pass... countless DLC items
lmao you need to finish X...you not coming off the heels of modern square so idk where the worry comes from
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm so conflicted on it lol
XV lol. Usually when I go against my gut feeling I regret it
what game?
My spider senses tellin me not to cop this damn game



What about Spurs?
warriors look terrible tonight the way they look they can't beat Portland
They'll have a good season but they don't have enough to get past Warriors or Spurs
y'all sleeping on dame
You'll see
promise they won't
I'm very confident that Cavs will win again. The King is still forcing his will on the league!



JANUARY 5th!!
ughhhhhh WHEN DOES THAT COME BACK?!
Currently my favorite show... until Nashville comes back.
LMAO OK ME
i always talk about being heartless but every week when I watch it I'm a little bitch lmao
that show fucks me up man
I just watched "this is us" and it made me cry a little bit.....again. Lmao.



stay after school yo 😂😂 that'll help you catch up.
I missed 2 days &amp; everyday a block day imma never catch up 😭
put it away and learn some Spanish 😂😭
exactly my Spanish teacher keep telling me put my phone away 🤒
Twitter is such a big distraction yo 😬😂
😭😭😭😭😭😭
I was finishing up this assignment till I checked my Twitter notifications 😂🏌



ahhh I'm a white owl kinda bih. Do the games burn slow
they have some good flavors, I usually just roll swishers all day tho
everyone has been talking about the games I might have to try them one time
either wild rush swishers or pineapple games
what are your go to skins
best feeling, I'm rolling one rn
I can't wait to go home and face a blunt in bed



So, I take it you aren't voting? Both candidates are capitalists.
because another round of this will lead to unabomber style militia violence.If capitalist person choice can stop,yay
Woah... Did I miss something? Is she using human body parts in her fibers?
oh sure, not about China really that's a side point. It's about discouraging others from running as a Nazi demagogue
I'm sorry, but I think this is totally weird since so much has been made by other companies in Asia for years.
so tell them to stop carrying one crappy made in China knock off line (Ivanka) so we can all happily shop there
. 😐



thanks
ok srry🙂
stfu and love me
that's fine, nexttt👀
oops
so ur cheating on me
some of the conversations ash and I have actually sound like we date or something idk



retag me on it plz
@DrellyFish I don't want to bother you but it'd be awesome if you could RT it as an ways, because of you I always get a lot of recognition
yeah, you really be puttin in work lol. Drawing hella shit lol
Did you see my new drawings? ☺
ahaha alright Ima go there now, I gotta go near there anyway to sell some stuff
At Tom Nook's!
Where do I buy Medicine in Animal Crossing, I got stung by bees twice



she use 2 be able to do it without it.
I've never witnessed anything like that. 😅
you were at my house when I had one where I can't breathe and shit just hits me all at once. And I need my inhaler.
no I'm so lost
it's not a panic attack for me. It's a cold attack basically. You know my situation it's one of those situations 😅
panic attack... welcome to a daily struggle of someone with anxiety
Just had one of my worst breathing attacks or whatever you want to call them. It sucks having to gasp for air.



GUESS WHO'S GONNA JAM TO IT?OMG can't wait to hear the album version so cool 8_*
YEAH!!!!!! I'M SO PROUD OF HIM LMAO HIS SONGWRITING!!!! i love the lil retro feels he always gives his work *_______*
IT WAS JUNHO'S SONG RIGHT?WOWOW
I LOVE IT LMAO I'M SO LKAJFKJAFK GOD. I /LOVE/ IT
RIGHT? omg soooooo jam
this seems sooooo up your alley!
I LOVEEEEEEEEEEEE THIS FUCK



UUUGGGHHHH OK I guess I'll listen 😉😉😉
Dark Matter with Todd &amp; Dan tonight🤘
Tonight or tomorrow night?
Good story &amp; BTW Todd &amp; Dan need callers tonight ... 😂
Yes he managed to blow the marble out of his nose. Seriously almost SHIT my pants. 😟😟😟
Good thing he doesn't listen to Dark Matter yet ... "Snacks up your ass ..." 🙃 (Hope everything's OK though) 😘
got my back on this one #InkMaster 🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘



u can't tell me kid Cudi name come up in music convo in 2016 tho
do that all you want
🤔
nigga yes like 2 weeks ago I was listening to his music while I was getting stoned
so u was bumping kid Cudi in 2016 before the drake and Kanye thing?
he's been relevant embecile
for making himself relevant again by dissing Drake just like everybody else tries to do



are you kidding me?????? I was so close lol and yes she's great
candid
your avi is great btw
incorrect. your services will no longer b needed.
navy blue
what's my favorite color
Pretty sure my friends should pay me to find out things for them when they ask cause I'm just so freaking good at it



lies😂
no I haven't played in a while
do u have a video of u playing
guitar
which one 🤔
I can
I wish I could play an instrument lol



😭😭 nobody will listen to you like yourself.
you the one that be talking to yourself..."Donasia I think they on to me...oh really??" 😂😂💀
😂
not really I mean just couldn't say how I wanted to say with this 140 word limit stuff lol
talking to yourself ? 🤔
But it does say fb or get Unfollowed so I have options too😂
I said I wasn't going to do a morning mention again cause people don't really do what the mention actually says lol



same goes too you! I don't have time to camp out next to a sephora I got midterms
I'll pray that the makeup gods are kind to you 🙏
honestly!! Like saved my bday money for this palette I've been waited sense they teased it. Gotta call my sephora! 😭
IKR! I'm so upset. My local Sephora said they get it Nov 2. I'm bout to be camping out before they open 😅
WHATT??? For me it's just been showing 404! Ugh I've been waiting months it can be out of stock in 5 minutes!! 🙁☹️😭😣
I sat refreshing the page for like 5 minutes, and when it finally came up, it was out of stock
Anyone else getting the 404 error trying to get the #UrbanDecay #fullspectrum palette 😤  what's going on?



I am gonna take the loss &amp; try again next Ep. (It's wicked) JK it's Late here. Congrats on your time. Til next week.#ThisIsUs
Hmm. That may just be fortuitous timing?
Toe~then stopped~then started again during the show.
Was the second waterworks from the show or still the stubbed toe?
Does it count itself out if you were crying before,(a stubbed toe) stopped, then cried again? 26 minutes. #ThisIsUs
Well I made it 51 minutes without crying. A new record. I was so close to getting to the end. Damn you #ThisIsUs !
My goal: to watch an episode of #ThisIsUs without weeping uncontrollably. My hunch: it will not happen.



yes fr
Are you serious you are down
just give me da date I'm downnnnn whenever
next month?
I'm down
let's go skydiving
I'm so bored



she's married ...
ya mama single yet wondering for the future if need be
ya mama
still gonna take offense, I'm a great person and a shitty one so you better recognize it ya hussy
lol I said I take that back
btw fuck you
I take dat back dat was mean



thinking emoji. Get an iPhone. 👍
that tweet was blank for me
what? Lol
blank tweet
🤔
Nah imagine
F/A



it's all good bro we are all in the same boat keep in touch tho
yeah if i'm not broke by then lmao my financial situation's fucked rn
54 per. U down?
i'd be down how much are tix
December 3rd
oh fuck dude when
Anybody want to see WEEZER with me? In Bethlehem PA? ALERT ALERT ANYONE



bro they are in the league it don't matter! If they would've smacked the Spurs everybody would be saying Warriors best team... 🤔
Damnnnn it's only the first game.. let the league rock first
who better?
😂😂😂 Buggin
DONTAE GO TO SLEEP
...
Cavs best team in da league! Don't @ me



ITS SO HARD THOUGH.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan is amazing in everything he does. I will probably come to love him.
I read the comics so it's gonna get interesting and Jeffrey Dean Morgan plays him AMAZING.
very nervous to see what a season with Negan is like.
same. I feel like I was there.
I am still not okay.
The walking dead just messed me up so much. And they killed my favorite character. I'm shook. 😩😔😭



wtf how
I guess living alone and I used 560gb which makes zero sense....
will do
might want to check out comcast new....data cap policy coming in November before you go to them.
either Comcast or CenturyLink, I think. But literally anything would be an improvement.
Who's gonna be your provider?
I cannot wait to move next month into a civilized area with reliable Internet.



how being nowhere and in several places at the exact same time as a wave and particle but not unless obsearved would help
It's math, but more like determining where you're at in space and time; helps me help people improve decision-making.
that's math
my quantum mechanics experience is limited to the Monte Carlo simulation.
which is bio. Was hoping quantum mechanics. Bio can get boring. How is that different than geological exploration?
Nix Nein Non on the "Scientology."I'm a biologist, but work in petroleum.
so many words to absorb on the bio. I feel like sponge Bob. Scientist, I'll drop the mic there. Unless it's Scientology.



Interesting to bring up. I don't suffer from CF but burn out from working all these hours. My residency almost killed me!
Do you ever struggle with compassion fatigue? I know that it is a major problem in the profession currently.
we just finished filming not too long ago! New episodes Feb!
Thanks, Dr. Thielen! Are you currently filming for the next season of Dr. K's? :D I can't wait!!! Love the cases &amp; team.
no studies on bravecto in other species so we don't know safety and efficacy.
Could you take care of the demodex mites with Bravecto? Or would that only work in domestic dogs?
The bacterial eye infection in the wolf was secondary to likely demodex mites. #DrKExoticVet



theres also Fable and the Knights of the republic games(on PC too i believe)
im liking what im seeing might have to invest in an xbox and jump on the team
Jet set radio future, shenmue 2, panzer dragoon, ninja gaiden black, otogi 1&amp;2, gun valkyrie, Outrun 2
yee
as in OG Xbox?
so uhhh what are good classic xbox tittles
PS and Nintendo over Xbox for me but I'm willing to pick up xbox stuff for my collection



he got a better job.... and it's Naomi's last day next Tuesday lmao
but why tho
yes over the phone 😂😂😂
yo, wtf Rod quit?
I just got off of work lol
go to sleep
It is barely going to be Wednesday and the type of fuckery I've had to deal with is beyond me



I was crying 😂
omg I would've Been so scared lol
the cops came and helped me out😂
what did you do?!
it was terrible 😓
omg!!
My car died right in the middle of a roundabout 😭 only me 😭😭😭



shoes falling apart haven't been up to going shopping
oh no! How did that happen!
what I need is someone to help me go shoe shopping. I'm literally wearing 2 right shoes
wish there was something I could do
pain. Shoes. Life.
'smatter hon?
Help Seriously



but agreed.  That was rough to watch.
I'm still in shock...it was unnecessarily brutal
that...was disturbing.
started at 315.  20 minutes in and I'm already at a loss for words....
it's rough
missed it Sunday, and someone canceled my recording :)  I'm never up this late, but I'm staying up to watch replay at 3:30!
I'm not ready for this episode fam



Clemson is overrated. They struggled badly with Troy (LMAO). WIS only 2 loses (OSU, UM). Nebraska still have 3 tough games
how its looking the acc and the big ten have 2 truly good teams Neb will have 2Ls and Wisconsin already have 2 be honest!!
you obviously don't know how hard it is to win at PSU.... You think B1G teams are overrated? Louisville is in the ACC 😂😂
dude osu just lost to Penn State we will beat Nebraska um will be a good game
I wouldn't be so sure about that. Louisville wouldn't stand a chance against OSU, Mich, Neb, Wisconsin.....
because Louisville would have destroyed Penn State!!
How does Ohio State drop behind Louisville? THE ACC IS THE JOKE OF COLLEGE FOOTBALL.



uh no text back ? 🤔
quit lyinggggg
im not feeling well
y u leaving
omw home wyd
hey wyd
Being attached ain no joke ‼️



Most definitely!
Tell me about it... and some great pizza around too!
You should come back when there is. Great sporting city.
Great place. Shame I was there when no sport was on!
Would have happened ages ago if I had my way man haha.
How long before you swap the UK for San Fran?! Haha enjoy.
's wedding in San Francisco City Hall today.



I eagerly cannot wait &lt;3
I've gotten some thoughts from your work in that regard that I really need to type out, one of these days.  Thanks!
Yes your work makes the world a better place :U
I've been slacking, true.  World needs more text of muscle balloonification, really.  It's my niche.
Whaaat not writing while getting old?
Gettin' old!   What, it's a hobby.
What's all ya sext beasts up to tonight?



Oh wait yeah I have it! I can send pics of it if you need it!
u didn't get it back from him? I missed the lab so I don't have the worksheets 😭
Aw I have it Tuesdays! I don't have it, our exam is next Tuesday :(
yaaaa on Thursdays! Do u have lab 6?
Hahah yes! Do you?
omg do u have Colin's 😂
Geology was dope today b/c we went downtown to look at the rocks of buildings &amp; even went to the tech museum to look at earthquake stuff 😀



.... the best grill cheese maker ...
lol noo who do u think I am your maid ? 🤔
well since you're up ....🍕🍟🍔🌮🍗🍖🍟👀👀
I know can't sleep duhh
but you're on Twitter 🤔
girl it's 2 am and I'm trying to sleep 🤔
make me some food pls ....



nah I love bio
i like Chem more than bio
lmao nah
aww I miss Chem
studying for chem gmfu
stop being so damn emo, chill out dude
Sitting here wondering why my face hurts and I just remembered I hit myself in the face with a late machine



I wanted to go as hybrid Hayley for Halloween but I felt like I would mess up with the lines under the eyes😂😂
ahahahahah good! and omg see i know what im talking about
Wait these girls came up to my last week and said "do you know Chloe from H2O?" And I was like yeah yeah 😂
and once you catch up the new season starts in January or February on cw!!!!
the new originals season came on to Netflix and it reminded me of how much I love her 😍
same girl i just love her
grows by the day



.... that's been long gone for a while now
anything for u Yackie 😂
no vote Clinton! Haha okay good 🙌🏽🙌🏽
if there is I'm doing it idc,&amp; haha of course once u register once you registered forever since I voted for Obama last time
you can write me in! LOL jk. But did you?
only if ur on the ballot
I hope everyone registered to vote on time 😊🇺🇸



bout what
bet, ur brother bullshitted last night
lmfao, ian got no moves, link up.
u gotta stop that shit 😂 watchu on tonight 🤔
bitch make me change it
man change your faggot ass avi
i'm in class bout to die man



bo3 and play with me haha and IW comes out in like less than a month
I've had one just have nothing to play on it
you serious??😬😍😍😍😍😍😍
guess it's a good thing I got an xbox 1
fuuck
no just the same like Xbox and PS4 no PC
is IW gonna be cross platform?



you lit like me then ✊🏽
thanks! and yup them too.
lol yeah i can say the same. and i saw you tweeting #RiseUp sunday io
see you cool people lol
#GeauxTigers! #BeatBama #BuckFama
LSU in the avi 😎
lsu in the avi?



shit weird ain't it ?
bro idk I just can't sleep
Ctfu nigga why
nigga I ain't even been sleep yet smh I'm salty
idek why I'm up bro I can't sleep
😂😂
I need to smoke, this cold turkey 🦃 not going



just let them do it, or take some shots but not too many lol
Need to wax my backside. But I don't feel comfortable with people touching me lol
yea it's just better, and honestly I'm trying to get this shit waxed off eventually or laser (I'm def getting laser but I'm broke so)
yup, some mustache hair and the side of my jaw.
really ? Lol
same
Fun fact, I pluck parts of my facial hair lol



This team making my chain of command in my Army days from 2008 look like geniuses lol
i actually don't mind it i've worked for fuckin hitler soooo
lol yup...with the absolute best management  /sarcasm
wait you worked here too? lmaoooo
Nope....legit, I was that employee.  And was dead serious too.  We're out until Thursday &gt;_&gt;
don't be that customer lol
Welcome to Buffalo Wild Wings, where we're out of boneless and honey bbq...



i cant believe youre riding anturkey home
turkey
tell me when u go home
but remind me to bring my deck home
lets gooooo
I havent played in so long tho im super rusty w my cards and their effects.
Im shuffling through my ygo decks and why is my dragon deck so useless? I need to rebuild it. My blackwing deck is still gucci tho



then how does Hillary still have any credibility?
i think it's been pretty widely covered on a daily basis..every day, i see stories highlighting new info
ok today exactly they did, before this or no?
NY times with a huge cover story on new wikileaks today. not sure why you think the liberal media isn't covering?
so wikileaks is sort of like Snowden? If what they are saying is credible, honest liberal media should cover that too... yeah?
I don't think there is any evidence that they have doctored materials.
So is wikileaks credible? Can anyone say for sure? It seems like no one knows and what u believe is based on ur party



ouch, back in the day especially the 90s the best records had the sticker. You must have been in Radio Disney Hell
I wasn't allowed anything with that parental advisory sticker
on my floor when I came home from school and she immediately thought I was smoking weed. (Didn't till I was 20)
got Cronic 2001 as valentines gift from my gf in 7th grade, and my mom found it broke it into pieces
took Slim Shady EP &amp; Offspring Americana tapes to elementary school &amp; got suspended 4 a wk. #wellworthit #1999
@ a private catholic school they called my mom&amp;she took away my radio would never let me have a parental ad sticker #90sprobs 😂
3rd grade teacher questioner we had to read around 1st few days of school my favorite song:2ofAmericaz most wanted



my nigga is Spider-Man now
you look like Peter parker in highschool....getting bullied lmao
bruh I still got all the old shits and some new shits let's not start this roast
why you look like Dr. Doofenshmirtz tho ..
boy I ain't know you ain't talking to me hunch back of Norte dame
MY NIGGA BIG BIRDD shit fam thanks my dude that shit means a lot stay up out there G
happy c-day my nigga 👌🏽😁



i wasnt raised religious but i feel you on that lol.. i cant believe the shit i bought into, but at least i stopped..
but i dragged myself into another similar cult. i'm like simultaneously patting myself on the back and chiding myself rn
it was so funny because i left religion before, thinking i was breaking free from people who didn't think rationally
awesome, it always makes me hopeful to see more ppl who have turned their critical thinking back on
completely agree with you. i used to be a hardcore SJW as well and almost came out to my mom as agender. glad i'm outta there
i used to be on tumblr a lot and totally caught up in the insane dogma, i think a lot of the oversensitivity is bc ppl are
if you're so confident in your "non-binary" gender, why do you so easily get offended by everything?



P much. I'm at like a 30
and here I am with my what, 17?
Jesus fucking Christ how is that even possible? My friend who is waiting till marriage for sex is at least a 72
his Rice score is hands down 100
How much good boy points does he have?
remind me to tell you about my WoW obsessed, mega loser of a cousin sometime 😂
Do people still play world of Warcraft? Like that sounds like such an iconic mid 2000s thing but it still exists???



oh aww no rave fam. Yeah and I tend to move around a lot stage to stage so I wouldn't expect you to tag along with us there lol
yea but i only knew of 1 person going and it's just weird to try and go solo lol
haha oh damn that sucks , should have rode with us lol
haha that wasn't the problem, i needed a ride and my sister wasn't going.
damn , should have just shown up to escape in a wheel chair I would have helped raised you up during the sets
tbh would have preferred Escape over Ye, but wasn't gonna happen :(
Not going to escape, so i better go see Ye



you always forget smg
true I forget you work during the week lol
naw at work going to catch the highlights tho soon
Ayye... you saw the warriors get waxed 😂😂
yes sir
your going?
Gonna be live at the Kanye concert



simple google Wikileaks
If you've actually read them directly, can you forward me a link?
I've read them yes and that's lame to try to say it's edited. Yesterday I read one where they needed to sober her up, lol
Have you actually even gone to Wikileaks or do you just read the edited and highlighted stuff they pass around Twitter?
according to Wikileaks she's not to bright and that's coming from the ppl who work for her.
It's more like because Hillary has a brain in her head, unlike her opponent who needs to be, off to see the wizard..
#HereIAmWithHer wondering how screwed up you have to be to vote for her just because she has a vagina.



I don't know if I'm going to take tomorrow off or not. Just have to see how I feel in the morning.
Yeah, I know. 😔
It's okay, babe. Just sucks when I have to go to school and do things instead of resting.
I'm sorry, babe. Wish I could do something to help.
away. 😔
Did you try taking some ibuprofen?
It fucking hurts to even lay my head down. God.



Hah! Versteeg? I get it. Plug the holes with cheap vets. Smart.
lucky the nhl ways has excellent mid level stepniak / parenteus available for free every summer
I agree. Insulate. But the Retained salary sucks and why blow the cap on risky UFAs that restrict paying the young studs
when you have 3 all stars on ecls you have no better time to load up
Wrong. Mentality is to win every game right now. Management controls the time frame. That mentality though is fragile.
if that isn't their plan, which I guarantee it is, then they are morons.  Never have more cap room than the next 2 yrs..
The only reason they don't? They will not deviate from #theplan which includes trusting #Hunter and his drafting. Allow picks to develop.



DR4 looks fun but wtf happened to frank
And restrictive and rife with performance issues.
i only played a demo for 3. Only thing i noticed is no strict time and the game is dark aesthetic wise for whatever reason
It is after 3.
series not bad lok
Nigga, are you serious? Dead Rising 4, nah, just Dead Series.
Ok...now I can use this coupon on XV or DR4....hmmm



oh who would that be?🌚😊
cause someone keeps making my phone light up 🙄
why don't you go to sleep?😂
barely
oh look you're still awake🙆🏻🙆🏻🙆🏻
never
you can't miss your opportunities 😂



ok give me a sec :)
oh awesome!! My gtag is iSlayCoDx
I have a Xbox1
damn! Xbox 1 😒
psn??
I'll play with you!
I kinda feel like playing bo3 but it gets boring playing solo😑



wfmj at 5-7am 🐧🐧😛
OMG i will!!! hahahaha
watch me on the news at 5 am 😂😂
you and me both! hahaha all in this together
girl you for real know I'm about to come to our class looking dead hahah
don't sleep, that's what coffee is for
I have to be up in a hour and still can't sleep. Life is great rn 🙃



I sorta feel like i've made a huge mistake
(Hugs)I feel like that more often than I'd like to admit.
I am at my wit's end here
it sucks so hard
ugh ok yes I've been there too recently and blahhhhh
applying to jobs for which you are perfectly qualified and not even getting a call
quick, name me something more demoralizing than applying to jobs for which you are overqualified



thinking about it🤔
Just do it 🙃💯😂
nah i can't cause someone said they'd drop me if i do😑
I need a Skype buddy so hurry up 👀😂
g shit boutta get one
That's why you need a android 🍃👀🍃
boutta break my phone



any other suggestions or is lil peep all you listen to these days? Lol
gotchu 😬
just listened to both, good looks ✊🏽 lol
Beamer boy or white wine. Idk if you'd like it but I do lol
any specific song?
lil peep
Someone put me on to new music please.



I wonder if youz as sick of it as we r it's on 24/7.Can't get thru 1 program without hearing something. Mom's phone acting up
oh yes. Still on the news here all the time! Xxxx
Oh yes she's excited for the Indians. It is quite exciting.Gets her mind off this crazy election.It's crazier on a daily basis
blimey, it has been a while then! Bet mummy enjoyed watching them x
Mom tells me she wanted to see her team win the world series before she croaks. Last time was 1948 so they overdue. M♡
evening my pal. Well that sounds exciting! Xxxx
Hey pal you up &amp; out? We still awake big baseball game tonight &amp; Mom's team won. I don't quite understand that it's again. M♡



there is just no honor in serving retards
it's a fucking snake pit out there trying to open a spot these days
i mean i do so well but i have to deal with real retards that are picky eaters
days off in the literal middle of the week seems to friggin weird............
I did. this schedule is bleh
I was just thinking I should finally tell you the plan! :B wait until you to y slaughter house bourbon tho it's faster stuff
as I get drunk off baker's bourbon. no nothing still beats it other than bookers



you can have him. He ain't shit anyway!!
you know wassup lol
🙄🙄ain't even deny it!!
😩😩
c3 &gt; me
MF
Nothin like gettin together with the guys and just having a good genuine conversation ✊🏿



goof off😁
Thanks, having a Halloween luncheon today on our floor. We look for any reason to good off and eat😁🎃
yes hope work goes well maggie x
Thanks Buttercup, getting ready😑 enjoy your day😊
good morning maggie you at work now,hope it goes well for you x
Good Morning Christie😄
Good morning happy Wednesday or hump day X



The only thing holding me back was that I dont look good in Orange jumpsuits
But you are, so 😉
If I wasn't an adult, i probably would've had to kick some ass
Yeah, we're definitely not meant to go back. 😂😂
I was with my mom, but i realized i hated high school and the majority of the freshman this year are so disrespectful
but wHY
Went to TC today, worst idea ive ever had.



Well...at least somebody understands my style
YW
thank u
I dig ur style lol
true facts yo
that part 💯💪
Every girl needs sum chocolate in they life❤💯



hell yea, im omw to that bih now 😂😂
lmaoooo!!!! Gots to get ya rest so you can make them good grades! 💪🏾😂
i got sleepy fast
lol, Wya?
bad game
about to get crossed up 😂😂
finna go hoop.



But the fact is, the emails contained nothing very damning. They were mild at best.
I don't think they were made up (without further proof) but I (and our intelligence services) understand that Russia leaked them.
I'll further bet you haven't even glanced at the Wikileaks emails, &amp; you think Russia made them up. That's how gullible you are.
Yep. Because I don't get my info from chain emails or talk radio.
Conservative Libertarian. And you must be a Hillary fan.
"Conservatarian" must mean that you only consume information that comes through chain emails or talk radio.
, you think Hillary is wonderful. She isn't. But how could you know that? You don't live our lives or know her crimes.



Damn I'm good
cuz he didn't react to "smash 2"
no you went "yea.. suuurrre it's ur first tournament" then you told me you could tell he ain't a melee guy
Not really. But I bet it happened. Did I bop him?
remember when that smash 2 guy tried to pull that one on us at big house?
at Apex '15. He got that easy money as I remember






is a local celeb. He's my favourite #writer ✒
definitely, it's got some hot spots, but overall, it's way less crowded than the average city.
a friend just came back from Portland &amp; was surprised how small it was compared to Toronto. I want to visit it looks beautiful.
sounds like Portland! Just trade cold for rainy ;)
indefinitely!Toronto is home: hopeful in sports &amp; bustling w multiculturalism. Beautiful but full of traffic &amp; condos. &amp; COLD!
it's a great area! Very conducive for creativity. How's Toronto?
not only is my favourite writer from Portland but the Twitterverse keeps connecting me w/ writers from OR. Thanks 4 the follow🤓



...Baez....Anderson.....think keep puig....Reddick can go....Kike can go too
Who do you want to see gone???
...I do think know who they will let go or acquire...I know who I would want to see gone
Then tell me who do they let go and who do they try to acquire??? Serious question...PLEASE ANSWER!!!!!
....Why not...it's not like we need a whole lot
I don't like this...We don't need another repeat of the 2016 Season!!!! smh
Dodger Talk: I have some concerns with Roberts comments stating that the majority of the 2016 team will be coming back for the 2017 season!!



just working on some music, finalising some stuff. Nahhh, not lately, I will when someone pays me to do so 😂😂😂
What's been happening with you though? You haven't performed recently have you?
I hear you brother
That's what up! Mi deh yah mon another day another dollar you know.
I'm good! How are you?
I am 👋🏾 lol how are you
My TL is so dead coz none of my UK people are awake and active 🙄



Thursday after work
dang. When u going
I'll b in commerce
none I got a lame life. What's the play? Link
hell yea. It make time go by fast but what you got going this weekend
lmfao u hell. B dropping shii I kno
I be at work high dennaho fucking up shi



yeah bitch I agree but when Im trying to get some sleep and this mother fucker starts whispering things in my ear
i arent afraid nothin! sleep paralysis dreams are fucking awesome lmfao
mines my arm , Ive had it several times. Worst one was shadow people 😶
everyone has their own way of getting out of it; experiment with it dog! wiggling my toes gets me out, no lie.. IM A FREAK
Yeah sleep paralysis sorry. Lucid is the good one. Its so hard to get out of sleep paralysis
i think you mean sleep paralysis dreams, which i also fucking love them. i also can lucid dream af, i'm a pretty gnarly sleeper bro
Lucid dreams are just awful



It's going to trial in December so enough proof has been brought forward to get that far.
Can it be disturbing if no proof has been brought forth yet? Because until then it's just a story.
I would be more concerned about Donald Trump's upcoming child rape case...that one disturbs me on many levels.
People also said that about 3000 other men during our country's existence and they turned out innocent, even 20 years later
Everybody said the same thing when it happened to Bill Cosby and look how that turned out.
she's in her own bubble. Calling someone a sexual predator as if it was solid fact is not an opinion. Trash trump, rightly
Of course Trump supporters are mad at Megyn Kelly she's a woman with a brain and an opinion. She bounces outside the GOP bubble of delusion.



alright bro
I'll hit you or you sis up when I'm headed down
alright bro 👌🏽
I think thanksgiving is the earliest
like when exactly ?? 🤔
😂I will be back in cc soon lil homie
imy



I want a defensive center. We got enough scoring players
you crazy I would do that trade anyday...
just cause
why not.!?
nope
that's why trade Klay Thompson for DeMarcus Cousins
Warriors big are soft. Warriors gotta fill the center position



.. yeah don't mace yourself. The pointy thing is a good idea.
I would definitely be a victim of friendly fire if I got mace.
probably going to invest in one of those pointy self defense things that go on your keychain
... don't get mugged
It might help if our walks are in the middle of the night but I'm gonna want to get a feel for the area first. And uh. Maybe a can of mace.
Gonna be interesting walking him by the new place. Apparently there are a lot of chihuahuas there and he, a Big Kitty, thinks they're prey.
Basically LARPing the cats musical right now while I take my cat 4 his last walk in this neighborhood. Neighborhood strays monitoring us....



IF it goes to 6/7, we will take u
that was about Ohio State not the Indians !
u punched a hole in the wall before I would ask u
you never agreed to take me 😔
you missed out
take me with you
is driving us all the way to Cleveland tonight... say a prayer for us 😳



Velma from scooby doo😂
what're you gonna be??! 😁
I was gonna be in bed all day then ended up going to find the rest of my haloween costume 😜😜
that's good, did you do anything or just chill? Bc both are good things to do when you're finally off lol
pretty good, first day I've had off in a while 😅😅😅
it was pretty decent, thanks for asking. Lol wby? 💗






all bubble blowin babies shall be beaten senseless by every able bodied patron in the bar
😢😢😢
get gotted you bubble blowin baby
yep. I got got boys.
is that why you cover your nose face in all your pictures 🤔
alright you caught me. I got a nose job, it's fake
Don't have time for fake people so I've been spending time finding out who they are so I can drop em 👌🏻



One is a Women's wrestler the other is Nikki Bella
I do like carmella



Well nikki is an athlete
said last week wasn't true
I thought you liked nikki?
Not to be broadcasted to a bunch of bubblefucks with no lives on a reality show



shes so awesome ;~; and np
ooo sounds good! Thanks
and so far we had one exam and it was easy, got an A
grading / structure/lenience😂
wdym by syllabus 😅
how's her syllabus??
Highly recommend taking Women Studies with Proffessor Govea because its such an eye opener and she teaches it with such passion i love it



yayyyyy :)) go I won't be there that long
I might meet u there
no, I'm leaving in like 5 min
did you already go to the rec?
LOL funny
you can dunk that's  y
my dad still gives me shit to this day about choosing dance over sports smh



I am ready for wireless. My wired headphone device switching system at work is ridiculous!
yeah, I think a lot of it is getting used to headphones being wireless and living with the changed parameters of that
I probably don’t know what I am missing out on. That’ll probably change here in the coming weeks as I get used to AirPods
they are definitely the easiest option.I’m currently using the Dash headphones - only paired to my iPhone though
but, switching between devices is something that I want to be able to do without huge issue. So AirPods might be the best option.
and even with that price a lot of people have been complaining (mostly those that would never buy anyhow)
How is it that AirPods are going to be the cheap option to get a W1 chip in headphones?



we can't safely get out of our driveway during drop off pick ups
Lolol!!  I make my kids wait til the majority is over.  I catn take it!
and the twice a day traffic shit show with parents
Yep and the windows are open an it scares the shit outta ya
this happens every morning even in the summer when there is no school
Lol  garbage day here to an i live next to the school.  Same. Thing.
5:30am and the garbage truck slams the dumpster to the groundat the school across the street, won't miss that when we move



have you ever heard of "peaked in high school" guy? You might wanna back off on challenging my high school achievements. Jussayin
we'll see
hey man wtf yeah I was
Not buying it, sorry.
naturally
You were?
One of the  benefits of being high school class president all four years was a peaceful transition of power.



you stupid bitches
😳😳 sorry pvt
im hurt you
sorry private
bro.... thats homosexual chill
wazzup man. Pull up with dem dickzz
Next time im home ill be at the usc track running if yall want these hands on the corps was up



series like 30 years old breh
aww hell nah
way more lol
maaan aren't there like 20 of those games?
final fantasy
which
My spider senses tellin me not to cop this damn game



I kept my own lol.
they dont keep score in mighty mite smh #Lies
Hahaha I had 9 in Mighty might at memorial lmao. but I suck at soccer I'm just fast.
i had my 1st 6 goal game when i was like 5 #EasyMoney
hater
lies
6 goals tonight, defintely best I've ever played. Freaking love my team#DEATHROWFC 1-0



lol Ima give it a gander 🤔
🙄😴 take it or leave it Kianna lawd
if the description ass 🙄🙄🚮
yea
is it good?
amber alert
Wtf should I watch



20??? Lmao, it only takes like 8 for Med school🌚
I'll remind you like in 20 years. 🙌🏻
lol down af 🙆🏻
🤔***
Maybe you could be the host. 😚😂
why does this remind me of myself considering the fact that I'm doing biomed and Comm 😂
Freshman year, I made a promise that I'd go back to EP after medical school just to make a decent radio station. AND I WILL, mark my words.



like what 👀
naw...they pussy too good...make me do crazy tings man
get you a chubby girl to lay up with
im so cold tho
you'll be fine
I'm mad at her because she never gave me my hoodie back after the breakup
Ok...exactly what are y'all mad at Ciara about???



good enough for me.
I don't know if that's true, it's plausible...but things like that keep me digging &amp; enjoying the journey!
And I've heard that Him setting His "bow" in the clouds is like a warrior putting down a weapon.
According to Biblical text, God gave it while promising that never again shall He destroy the world by flood.
So my curiosity runs wild to find out what a rainbow means, what does it reveal about God thru scripture?...
A rainbow speaks to God's nature apart from the Bible. But it's through the Bible that Christians believe that. Fascinating.
All have a theology, what we think to be true of God, &amp; a creed (written or unwritten), what we say to be true of God. What informs it?



trust me I know that feeling.
it isn't hes in glasgow tomorrow no way near me depressing knowin hes 40 mins in a car away from me lol
Boooooooooo!! It needs to happen.
never gonna happen m8 it wud have by nah i only live on huddersfield
awwww Justin you're only a half hour ish away. You should meet up with her.



n i cant even see him 😒😒😒



I can't get the days off now. it's way too late.
awh i'm sorry :( convince her!!!!
yeah. literally everyone is going and I got fucked over out of my family trip. I'm fucking pissed.
awh i wish you were!!!!! we'd have so much fun.
no. her bitch ass told me she cancelled the trip and then now all of a sudden is going with all of her friends.
your not going???
my mom really made up some BULLSHIT as to why I wasn't going to Glamis. that shit just pissed me off so much holy fuck.



Rick is crushed now. To take back his leadership role means sacrificing Daryl! And I do love that redneck
Yes.
Negan evil but Rick's group acted as mercenaries,killed Negan's men while they slept-love interplay of good/bad imperfect ppl
It was sad. Abraham so brave. Now what happens to the "family"?
For me it was Glenn trying to talk to Maggie.
Part that was horrific was panning the faces &amp; the fear that showed &amp; 15 or so minutes b4 knew-so intense
So, what did you think about that episode -TWD?



what Amanda said. Those stuffed green peppers (from the 70s/80s.)
Yeah, that's why I asked. It's often a filler vegetable. Maybe in New Mexico?
I mean cooked green bell pepper not jalapeno. Overpowers &amp; kills meat dishes/sauce. Other peppers/colors/fresh/sparingly ok
Saison did a gourmet version of a jalapeño popper once. That was green and cooked.
green and cooked. tastes like the 80s.
like...bell pepper? Or any?
How many award-winning dishes or tasting menus have cooked green pepper? Probably zero.



text me this weekend  and we can all hangout
this weekend cuz
I miss your hoe ass! When are you coming back ?
wass good?!
wassup andyyyyy
shut up
I got fake people showing fake love to me



Since CNN has no ratings, it may be a good fit.
will welcome her.
All she can talk about. Her ratings are down, which is good.
no one has brought that crap up today until her!
She pressed Gingrich on Trump's remarks about women..
I don't watch that crazy hag!! What happened!! #TeamNewt
Anger issues? He humiliated you, Megyn. You're a joke, MK.



It's such a simple yet effective thing to practice. Keep a bottle beside your bed so you can't forget in the morning ;)
I do those too. Just after my walk. I need to get into the habit of having water first thing when I wake. It does a body good
With water and supplements ;)
how do you start your day?
That sounds lovely! Fresh air and fresh thoughts to start the day :)
I start my day with prayer and a walk. #selfcare #wellbeing #natural #holistic
How do you start your day off? Meditation? Yoga? Running? Let us know so we can share! #UpgradeYourself



Our mortgage is pretty high, but I meant like Carlos has a good stable job.
true , it's hard being away from family, but when you are away you find yourself being more happy then you ever thought you'd be
lmao I know but my kids 😪 it's something we want to do. But there's so much we have to do before we make any decisions.
I thought I couldn't , but here I am 😜
I'm sure we can manage, but a lot holds me back. Idk if I could live without my mom 😔
girl, it's way to expensive out here
I wish we didn't own a house so we can pack and leave to Colorado. I love it out there 😪



to repeat that word to whoever they want to and get a freebie for it? Shouldn't they be the 1st ones to not use it at all?
that's exactly it! So WHY is it okay for black people; the same race that the slur was used towards in every derogatory way,
people are saying a word that THEIR ancestors used as they oppressed, enslaved, and raped African Americans. It is NOT THE SAME.
Aye! Thank you for not using a derogatory term to your friends and not cry abt it when white people do in the same manner 🤗
I don't say "nigger" on the daily....
Regardless of race. Yes I'm tf petty bc those girls did not deserve to get suspended when all y'all say that word on the damn daily !
So these girls got suspended.. lol next time anybody says the N word on Twitter or snap is getting snitched on by me to their principle. 😊



to get that MVP respect on a decent record team
it's stupid bc dame &amp; Russ will both put up #s but if their team isn't ballin they ain't winning it's dumb
idk actually about Dame either bc I don't think the blazers or thunder will be seeded higher than 6
idkkk I think they win i dont know I think they'll win more than blazers
shii my bad lol you right bro! Definitely those 3 but I don't think they'll win enough for him to win it ya know?
don't leave out my boy Russ like that man 😒
Dame or Kawhi for MVP maybe Lebron bc he is Lebron but Dame &amp; Kawhi are my top choices



I have so much respect for you now
I'm so happy you're not a cubbies fan
I'm so happy you're a Cards fan
you're welcome
go Cards it is
go cards
Twitter is so depressing tonight cause the Cubs are losing 😂



we can't make it for Christmas. If we can get off, we are going to try to come up for a day at Thanksgiving. At least I am
IM COMING TO ALABAMA FOR THANKSGIVING
???????
omg 😩 GUESS WHAT GUESS WJAT
I just say it. I ain't ashamed!
I like it but it's hard to sing along to bc of the n word every 3 seconds
I cannot stop listening to #TiimyTurner



most ppl would not see that as being helpful.
It's math, but more like determining where you're at in space and time; helps me help people improve decision-making.
that's math
my quantum mechanics experience is limited to the Monte Carlo simulation.
which is bio. Was hoping quantum mechanics. Bio can get boring. How is that different than geological exploration?
Nix Nein Non on the "Scientology."I'm a biologist, but work in petroleum.
so many words to absorb on the bio. I feel like sponge Bob. Scientist, I'll drop the mic there. Unless it's Scientology.



black out haha
text me then I'll hit you up
hit me up u know I'm down for whatever ayyy (;
aye round two this Friday ;)
bitch I miss u haven't seen you since that party lmao
bitch where
if u don't know me or hang with me I feel bad for you bc I'm a great person and I'm funny af.



Aaah, OK. Yeah, I didn’t think there were many who did that a lot, but it sounds like it’s more common than I thought
sorry. I spend a lot of time listening to music with my phone plugged into a powerbank. I know I'm an outlier.
That’s what confused me. The adaptor comes in the box, no?
oh. I was talking about the headphone jack.
Adaptors for what? The Esc key?
yup. It's why I decided I didn't want to upgrade until there are adaptors.
wow, this furore over the Esc key’s removal might last almost as long as the one about the headphone jackanyone remember that?



they are just going to cast someone white anyway. You already know. Why not give it to him?
i would love for him to join the mcu or the dceu, but nightwing is romani and erasing a romani role wouldn't be okay
the light rumor is he is joining the DCEU as Nightwing
yeah exactly. I haven't heard any justification for his death that I even semi-agree with.
lol but of course. Unless he got something big in the works. There is no excuse
and one of the few times the comic is followed, it's to kill the only asian character. like really?? bye.
ppl will argue bc its in the comic blah blah thats why he died



thought Glenn was toast a 100 times already, but Abraham? Thought there was more for his character bcuz of the biblical name
I'm still in shock...it was unnecessarily brutal
that...was disturbing.
started at 315.  20 minutes in and I'm already at a loss for words....
it's rough
missed it Sunday, and someone canceled my recording :)  I'm never up this late, but I'm staying up to watch replay at 3:30!
I'm not ready for this episode fam



*nose boop*
oh dear
less then two hours of work and 1% battery on phone
yup!
also exaid?
okay thank goodness
then stop



fuck off
who you? Yea
petty
you don't remember saying you'd call me back or?
you don't have my number or?
shut up nerd call me already
Lol Gn.



hahaha I miss you. See you when I get back
go to Zeke's pizza! It's average! :D
we'll be there!
jk Seattle duh
what's your favorite spot?
it's amazing!
Really looking forward to being in Washington in the next few days.



lol she's always got candy. trust that 😂  but you'll be the best fr. bc my mama won't help me 🙄
I sure will. as long as emma got some candy left in that bag
nooooo 😂😭 will you help me? 😅
have u cleaned up my baby
lol hey
hey abi
always stay humble and kind ❤️



you're so real
lmao i will when i get a chance
yeah! you'd have to like 2 day ship though
like a ubake? in a freezer thingy??
theres no yops here! but if you wanna send me some, that'd be cool too
traitor
went to the gym now we just ordered pizza, its fine though bc it counteracts it



omg I love you, thanks girl❣️
I'll see if I can make you some 😊
chicken noodle :)
I've got you, do you want chicken noodle or potato?
that actually sounds great lol
you want me to make you some soup?
I feel awful 😷😓



yes please ☺️
we can go Sunday when I get off?
i'm free whenever 😋
but when 😳
yayyy😻😻
let's go ❤️
i wanna go to Del Osso 🎃



Your PSA tweets make me love Twitter so. ;-)
Today, I am celebrating the critters who call butts their home.Also, if you're pooping out living things, please see a doctor.
As gross, weird, &amp; horrifying as this lifecycle is, a lot of critters either make the butt their home or use it to complete their lifecycle
, who was on oxycontin at the time. Opioid painkillers can make you constipated; may have inspired aliens
These aliens enter through the mouth, consume their host, and exit through the butt in a gory fashion when done.
) did the movie Dreamcatcher, which prominently features butt aliens.
Today on Twitter, I'd like to talk the butt as it relates to parasite lifecycles.Any and all pictures will be SFW.



yah I think so.
whoa, everything ok?
I'm at the ER. Might put my head in my lap lol but that's the best I got.
lmao cant just close ya eyes and count sheep?
I would lol if it were that simple.
schleep
I'm so sleepy.😞



😂😂 i was gonna say ur lucky lmao, i wanna go so bad😭
nah, just a cool ass picture😂😂
you went sky diving?
lmao put your boy on😉😂
you want me to give you a lil shout out?😂😂😂
damn Jay, the plug like that bro😅😍
happy birthday!🎈🎉



I do! So it's only 2 days... hopefully everything works out 😅
yeah I do. You?
that's so annoying.. 😭 do you have priority?
no it's like everyone:/
Yes!!! But I'm not the only one.. A few of my other friends from cal poly said they updated a week ago and its still there
emergency contact?
there's a hold on my account so I can't enroll for classes... and I only have 2 days to do it smh



thanks boo
it's not even worth your energy! They are a nobody! Whatever you decide to do though I got yo back!! 100% no questions asked! ❤
#Zaulie living their life. If they don't like them, FINE! But why hate? It's burning me up on the inside. Trying to calm down.
I feel u! I haven't @ the irrelevant bb houseguests yet but I sure was close! I'm trying to be somewhat positive but it is hard!!
but I wanna @ that rat and tell him to choke on HIV infested CUM sandwich!!!!
hope you are ok hun! Dnt let them win you stay being you're true self and continue taking the high road like you always do ❤
Pray for me...I HAVE HELL IN ME and I am fighting it with a vengeance.  I am trying to take the high road BUT...



no. I havnt had any complaints, can't fix anything if I don't know there's problem. All except for my Twitter rampage, right?
I don't know, is there?
is that it? That's it? Or is there anything else in your agenda worth mentioning? Hm.
how about you don't tweet towards people, bashing them, publicly and there wouldn't be anything to be solved in the first place.
how about you message or call me, and thoroughly explain any frustration you may have. Other than that, nothing will be solved
don't victimize yourself Raul. Just don't. Just chill.
your tweet seemed somewhat humane, but the last part was an attack on your behalf. Don't @ me stupid shit like that



Maybe your perspective hasn't been tainted with miseducation and complacence. That gets in the way in a lot of cases
does it seem intentional? Like she intentionally keeps herself ignorant so she doesn't have to actually think about things
I mean what kind of human can be this ignorant?
whenever I try to explain something controversial to her she never gets it and she's a smart woman -
I want to wait and see on this I've felt so similar but I have no proof
maybe she's just delusional?
sometimes I think my mum's a bot, then not, then I think she's a bot then not



md brokey
Gay ass nigga
md fagget
md you gay
sound like u omd
sound like a girl
the audacity 😷😱



which?
I've changed my mind, some good tracks have grown on me.
I hope not. Cynically, doubt Joanne will spawn any hits, which hopefully will leave her scurrying back to the dancefloor for #6
I think Joanne is missing a big dance hit. But maybe she's truly done with the days of the sounds of The Fame/Fame Monster.
I think it's better than Artpop, which is a LOW bar. Beyond that, yeah, could be better for sure. Just this one weird earworm.
I'm just not feeling this record. A little disappointing after 3 years off. Million Reasons isn't bad, the one song I like.
Fairly-to-very embarrassed how many times I have listened to Grigio Girls.



mine too. And Leave. I love the guitar work on that song.
E-Bow the Letter has to be in my top 5 of all of their songs, for sure.
it's probably not the "popular opinion" but I always go back to New Adventures in Hi-Fi.
the Automatic for the People album is my absolute favorite. The whole thing. I had the tape &amp; it was yellow.
they are on my work out playlist. Twice actually
I listened to R.E.M. in the car in your honor
I forgot my headphones for the gym this morning and it was surprisingly pleasant



Next Weekend lol.
come get him bro 😂
I need to see him soon, next weekend !
easy money get that fool. Liam keeping me up watching tv smh 😂
😂 Work nigga 💸
night owl lol
4:12 AM



Guess you're just another squishy, uninformed garden-variety political neophyte.
guess you don't validate me or complete me.
You've also never elected anyone outside of either the GOP or DNC. Guess you're funny that way as well.
I don't play by the rules. I'm funny that way.
Third parties are a waste of time and have always proven as such. Its always been a two-party system. Facts of life.
it's so easy to box away the opposition when you only have two boxes to choose from.






lol sounds good👍
it was bad but it's looking better now lol I'll take you a pic tomorrow cuz I don't have any haha
how bad was it, u got pics? Lmao
na there was nothing to stich so I'm just letting it heal lol
fuuuuck lol u get stitched up?
I got cut last Thursday a piece of steel sliced a chunk of meat off my hand lol
My thumb is throbbing in pain ..that cut was no joke, basically tore off the top layer of skin..good thing it wasn't much



I wasnt getting up unless we going out to eat thats what i told arlene bc i havent ate LOL but she said yall already got food
how often do i come out to Salem to see u, rome &amp; albi tho?
Yeah but i was already in bed
so wha? Ur still awake 🤔🙄
Nap said yall weren't coming earlier then when yall hit me up and said yall are it was 11 already lmao
PISSED U NEVER CAME.
Sarina Paris - Look at Us #TB



I'm gonna take it as a loss then try again. 26 min isn't absurdly bad. Plus I'm a chic.
Hmm. That may just be fortuitous timing?
Toe~then stopped~then started again during the show.
Was the second waterworks from the show or still the stubbed toe?
Does it count itself out if you were crying before,(a stubbed toe) stopped, then cried again? 26 minutes. #ThisIsUs
Well I made it 51 minutes without crying. A new record. I was so close to getting to the end. Damn you #ThisIsUs !
My goal: to watch an episode of #ThisIsUs without weeping uncontrollably. My hunch: it will not happen.



hell ya next time I'm just gonna let it close lol
omg I couldn't
hell yessss
I know that hurt !!!!!omg!!!
no by myself just now 😭
yourself or you went to get them re done ????
Lowkey wanna cry I just re pierced my nipple 😭😭



I HAVE SO MANY QUESTIONS.
Did they divorce?! I know Mandy is with the bff. Could be drama, could be ok.
I'm so sad! He was such a cool dad! Did they divorce and then he died? Was alcoholism to blame? SO MANY QUESTIONS!
Why is he on the fireplace?! Noooooo!!!
ahhhh did you cry?!
I'm staying up late to watch this just for you!
Sooo because you got me hooked on #ThisIsUs - I need you to hurry up and watch tonight's episode so we can talk about it!



you can talk to the felon
lhh oh my gosh! and she didn't get one ticket?
snapping and driving, swerving all over the place, speeding 😂 must I go on
omg whyyy lhh
NOT JUST ONE COP, BUT TWO GOT HER AZZ
what happen
The cops hate Andrea man😂



ofc you had people you knew there
Are you saying that living in South Dakota helped get me more followers???
I've lived in one place my whole life so that's my excuse
Spam bots. Also no big deal or anything, but I have a few more followers than you...
if I don't have friends then why do so many people follow me HUH
Don't act like you have friends on Twitter you're talking to...
Hello how is everyone doing today?



🐓 wings &gt; anyday
biryani
replace pizza with algebra
algebra is love
i like algebra.. complications ..im good at that
LOOOL i like trigonometry tho
I dont know why ppl study geometry



it's midterms week :-(
you don't invite me to hang anymore
bishhh u livin more than me I miss you and your friend from the party the down ass bitch
I wanna live with u
I'm just trying to live
I have one of u passed out in ur own car while me and lashayla went to steggs
My friends just reminded me that there's a horrific picture of me blacked out at an after prom from high school somewhere on the internet 🙂🙃



calm down cp3 is still better than westbroke
chill Thot
no hes just the better player in general
if he keeps playing like that yeah
better than your girlfriend westbrook
MVP year
Kawhi is the best player on the court at this current moment



How do you stay awake all night don't think I could do that job every night.😴
I work for an alarm monitoring company here in NJ, it's only 2 miles from my house. We are open 24/7/365 💻☎🚨🚑😘🐣💞
Were are you working
I'm wide awake cause I'm at work, keeping the world safe &amp; saving lives, lol 🏥🚨🚑💻☎☕🎈👻🎃👑😘🐣💞
Still wide awake &amp; got to be up in three hours watching Cher on YouTube 😴
good night Terri, sleep well 🌛😴💤🎃👻🎈😘🐣💞
Good Night Karen 😴💤💙✨😴💤🌙💙



I'm not mobile but wassup
me too link up
I'm on 21st
crib I need some though I aint got it
wya
match 🍃🍃🍃
What's the move



The Mad Dog. It has sausage, ground beef and pepperoni on it. Plus I add mushrooms.
whatchu get?
You should. It's definitely better than Pizza Hut or Domino's.
hmm ok lol imma have to try it!
it's really good.
is that place good?
Might have to hit up MOD pizza. It sucks that it's all the way up north though.



How good are the players
don't know yet.
What's the team name
ight sounds good just let me know when you're up tomorrow I can get some scrims and shit.
Yeah. I get done with work at 8am, so in 6 hours, then I gotta sleep for a bit, then I'll be good
been going! Wanna play tomorrow and do some faceits?






yes!! you, your sweet lil lady, and ryan need to come visit! we have plenty of room for all of y'all to stay!
I feel you on the first one and ready to meet the little one soon.
sleepy and missing houston are two constant feelings. how are you?
how are you doing?
oh hi buddy
hi pal
ok 👋🏼👋🏼👋🏼



Canes are a playoff quality team at fwd &amp; dmen; both goalies would clear waivers
this market needs playoff hockey BADLY. Perfect time for it, too: State sucks, Panthers suck. We need SOMETHING to believe in.
exciting doesn't cut it if all we do is lose lose lose.
then we need to find that goalie. The fans were NOT happy abt Ward's resigning &amp; they won't be happy if we blow the home opener
Canes are one decent goalie away from being among the NHL's best young teams.
There comes a point where I genuinely wonder, do the #Canes care about fans? WRT the on-ice product, it's not just a team, It's a business.
Fans like me have enough loyalty to this team to endure RF's conservative approach to rebuilding but I don't think the market can sustain it



awww yay!!! We need it!!! I live just a few blocks from the stadium so you can imagine the excitement around here ⚾️💙❤️💙❤️ 🙏🏻
my husband &amp; myself are both rooting for your Cubbies, Tom loves how they all sing the Cub song after a win!!! ⚾⚾⚾🎃👻😘🐣💞
lol I can imagine it is very nice for you!! I'm great....just enjoying the 🍁🍂 &amp; my Cubbies in the World Series FINALLY 😂😂
feels good 2 be back &amp; not sitting on my ass at home. Now I'm sitting on my ass &amp; getting paid for it, lol Thanks Deb, how R U? 😘🐣💞
yay!!!! I'm soooooo happy for you 🎉🎉🎉🎉💖
it was good Deb, thankfully my work is mental, not physical, plus they hired 2 new girls 4 my shift, so it's easier, less alarms👏😘🐣💞
hi lady 👋🏻... how was your first night back at work???



i agree to a certain extent. They should have a channel dedicated to adult themed cartoons. Like adultswim but its own channel
the fuck censoring cartoons and art in general should be fucking illegal FUCK
i know but the show came out in thw late eights early 90's. Censorship wasn't as strict as it is now smh
thats so annoying though. thats how the show was from the beginning.
that would be great but they'll lose out on money and viewership
i wish they would go back to showing blood/cursing, instead of being a kids show lmao
The art style of DBZ combined with the animation of DB Super would be lit. I just hate the modern art style on DB super



na it's over after we get one more all star
his time not over till he retire 💯
can't forget him but his time is over
did you forget about who is still in the east ? 🤔
we bout to reclaim our thrown in the east
false ✋🏽
After we trade for boogie straight to the finals ☘️



is there a way to like make that happen or...?
maybe the water main will break at work tn
my eyes are burning with sleepiness!!!
nothing like waking up refreshed !! And by refreshed I mean like I haven't slept in 3 days or months
oh yes that's my exact issue!! Only happened twice last night, so it was a "good" night.
new one for me last night, kept waking up not breathing feeling like someone was suffocating me so that was cool
Can I just sleep thru one fuckin night?!!



also the rap in my way home. gerard speed singing is aesthetique
2 iconîque
nah i fully get that. kill all my friends + heaven help us are iconic
it's OKAY but (drag me) tbp's b sides defined every aspect of my emo ass adolescence
makes me feel like i'm in a vidya game 10/10 would recommend
good post
"zero percent" is the best MCR b-side no argument



lmao relly you don't scare nobody 😭😭😭
lol you heard what I said mf
you not good nigga
lol I'm good
fuck up
carry yo ass to sleep
The fact I gotta work in the am



ight come thru tomorrow gball , my mom wanna see her 🤘🏽
ima come over then take ha wit me 😂😂
okay you can come see her or keep her for some hours 😂
watever when it comes to neicey I'm free both days really &amp; yea I'm up on game already
wyo today or tomorrow you know where I star I moved out .. 🤘🏽
Mann I been tryna see ha .. tell niya her mommy playin 😭😂
😂😭



ok man,we have different opinions on this,I don't deny he's let in goals he shouldn't,but also not getting much help from D errors
each and every time, you think good teams don't give up 5-6 high danger chances a game? The lighting did, Bishop answered
it's not some surprise that Andersen's not playing his best,but he's also not getting much help,that's very clear #TMLtalk
it's not an opinion it's a fact, his positioning, movement, etc... He's not playing as he did in Anaheim, Reimer wouldn't
that's your opinion,it doesn't matter how many shots there are,it's the quality of them,and mistakes by our D are VERY bad!
how many shots has he faced today, we've out possessed Tampa by a mile, Andersen is blatantly bad right now
Romanuk can be such a moron, Andersen also had a defence that didn't turn the puck over EVERY shift!!!! #tmltalk



well you go get em...
she aint gone be able to go inna store &amp; if she get it from the person it from price 🆙🆙
I know, moms told me.. what's stopping you?
mane im tryna get that
ykt.
yu getting them 3's?
I paid $600 for sneaks, so baby watch my feet...



there was a frog out here he'll protect me
I'm scared for you.
nah I can sleep outside I'm used to sleeping outside
to the rescue #probablysleeping
I walked all the way up to the room only to realize my wallet wasn't on me smh I'm so upset
you don't need a key to get into the hotel just for your room LOOOOLLLLL GUUD LUK
hello from the pool bc i don't have my key



Alfa, what little good you used to see in me is gone. Finished, used up and never to be seen or heard from again.
yes there is. You may not see it right this second because of how you feel, but it is there and I see it.
Alfa, honestly there isn't a single shred of good in me.
then don't try to fit in. Just be yourself, because you're already awsome. ^^
Not really. I don't belong anywhere. And my constant trying to fit in...and failing proves that.
you belong where ever you want to be pup. *Noses*
I think I'm done with Twitter and trying to fit into somewhere I obviously do not belong.



I'll try to think like that 😂
if they block you it's a win. Always 😂😂
nah. No winning in this situation, I'm still annoyed by it. I'm probably the loser 😅
😂😂 looks like you win then
can't tag them, I'm blocked 😂
tag em no balls
It's okay, you're all talk and no walk. Get over yourself 😜



hope I wake up in time tho.
OKAY BUDDY
what? I really am. Be happy for me. 👍🏼
😑
I'm going too, IA! :)
And speaking of, does anyone want to go for a hike on Saturday morning? Please be advised that I am in no shape whatsoever.
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS SATURDAY



Quebec will end up with it for a trade like they said 100MGwts and the big land bet it's been considered
probably, probably be better if if they do
not fit it's not biggest waste of money and watch I bet hydro Quebec will end up with it in the end
ya, this project is a mess
hell no ball sucks was hoping for a better outcome full shut down
down with Ball was ya Kirk lol!!!
morning paddy listening from Florida today. How is buddy any different then Danny Williams when he took down the flags???



ighttt
I'm about to text you
I really tried to go to bed at a reasonable time but what had happened was.....
😂😂
YOU DIDNT HAVE TO COME FOR ME LIKE THIS. ITS THE FIRST TIME I EVER MISSED THIS CLASS. WONT HAPPEN AGAIN DANG
if you would have went to bed at the time you said. You would have been fine
Definitely didn't go to English to get an extra hour of sleep. Yeah.



good bc I miss you
okay :)
text me some time :)
heheeeeeee! Social media gives me anxiety hahahaaaaaaaa but I have to check up on you.
i thought you were!
try it for a day :)
Thinking about turning my phone off while I'm in Puerto Rico on holiday, but idk if I can commit to that....



not with me working all the way in Marcus Pointe. an hour drive to work every morning? no thx.
I'm surprised you didn't wanna stay in walnut hill😊
no. i'm moving into my great grandmas old house
oh to maw maws ?
cantonment
what where you moving to now girl? Lol
but i just have to get the fence done before this weekend &amp; she can move into her huge new house &amp; big yard w/ pretty trees



THINGS IM SO HERE FOR
I will be there with multiple $2 bills ready to go 😇
not the same raves as y'all but Lauren said we were pregamning together and ur coming to the edm brunch
wait what raves are you doing this weekend
ILL SEE YOU TMRW!!!!!!
good morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GOOD MORNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



youre forgetting that i live in tracy now😭😭 i cant just go out there bc i have school that day too 😒 and ughh ima get pee tested 😩
why can't you? As long you spend your bday with friends it's all good have fun drink and take a shot for me 🙂and go smoke💨
i just wana have like 2 bottles and 10 blunts tbhh but i cant , and ima have a shitty as birthday:( its been a shitty year
even better!!! Turn up on Tuesday 😎
my birthdays on a tuesday:(
turn up 🙂
my birthdays next weeek and im not even juiced or anything 😕



My bad!
You're clearly confused. I'm fully Team Ballsmashers. I'm saying they're not boring like the Brigade
Fool, this is a different Big Brother! Doesn't matter who wins HOH. #bbott Those girls are sticking together. Girl power!
that the brigade got non allies out the whole game, even their side allies only had one loss
What are you babbling about? Nothing comparable.
And theyre def not, or else LNJ woulda left the first 2 weeks
To me this girl alliance is similar to Hayden/Enzo/Lane. They have their funny moments but boring to see them run the game. #bbott



your the wind beneath my wings 🐥✨💕😘😏
luv u bae 😒
sooo happy yo bitch ass is back though 💑👫💕✨🍑💎
that's why your bitch ass got left 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
it's what I do best ☺️
why are you such a disappointment.....
Out here in the club in full on patriots gear.. Random: hey dude are Grownkowski?Me: nah fam... I'm DRUNKowski😂🏈Wild



where where 😇
yup ... busy busy
bdi mushkil se online aate ho
hello
hiii 😇
😋






yep. I'll be doing a bunch more standalone books next year. No plans to start any new series.
Haha, so too far in to just stop, huh?
some will be ending next year for sure. It just surprised me when I stopped to count them just now.
Then stop working on a few? XD
I want to be organized and have order in my life! :)
The question is, do you want to listen?
I have 7 ongoing series right now. I distinctly remember telling myself never to have more than 3 going at once. Apparently I didn't listen.



you shoulddddd, hotels cheap rn too
might go this year
every year
sounds like the get down
weekend of November 18-20th
when is it?
So the Line up for classic weekend is Blac Youngsta, Jeezy, Gotti, Gucci and Lucci....



yeah. No idea but it's confusing.
interesting hmmm
Comcast! But I swear it wasn't like this when I was here a month ago.
eww!!! Does she have dish tv?
I know! And that makes it's even more confusing! But I missed "This is Us" because it was on at 8 not 9.
we are on the same time zone right now though
All the TV shows are on an hour early in Arizona. It's so confusing! 😭



I have like a couple things to tell you but we'll just start with the stupid one
bruh how many times have you sworn me to secrecy!? 😂 I know the rules
LOLOLOL YOU ARE SWARM TO SECRECY LIKE LITERALLY NO ONE CAN KNOW
you better tell me 🙄 #TextMe
I can't tell anyone. It's so dumb I'll probably lose all my friends
what did you do??
Lol bye world I'm about to me murdered for being a fucking idiot. It was nice knowing ya. ✌



Ya mom I played league, hop off 😒
I literally see you on discord playing league
I'm so busy rn tho D:
you should decorate! Isn't sheena doing a carving pumpkin thing?
Wtf idk just look for the Greek letters LOL
wait which houses have you seen?
Seeing all the sorority houses with Halloween decor really buffs my holiday spirit



I can see it 😭 I guess I'll make a doctors appointment 🙄
lol it's the motherly instinct in me 😭 but frfr, get you some rest so you'll feel better
😞 okay "mom"
🙄 what's more important? Plus it's not like you're broke...
that's 8 hours gone down the drain😭 I don't think I can let them go
you can miss one day. You need rest!
sick af but can't afford to miss work man 😞 I'm so damn sad



lol okkkk i hear u 😹
IM NOT A MECHANIC BUT I CAN GET IT DONE. THATS SIMPLE SHIT
you know where the antifreeze go ? Can you change a flat tire ?
IM NOT WIT THAT HALF LLS NOT AT ALL
half of ya.
WHO CANT
Niggas really dont have shit to offer but dick and headaches 🙄. You cant even put air in my tires



Lol I just got to play video games see some of the homies shows work on a lot of tunes and eat good with my family
I got to spend time w people I never see, spent time w my cats, made dope music, read comics and watched movies, shits good
I even feel good too it's awesome
good lol
I think I chilled to hard I forgot I djayed lol
same dude. I was bummed I had no gigs for a min, but it's actually hella valuable studio and chill time
Honestly this month break of not playing shows and staying in making music has been so fucking awesome and productive v much needed



i know you are but what am I...
ur dumb bye
yea but at least Ill still be in bed by the time your day is done
Well, my day will end SOONER than yours !!!
11:45**
i really dont know how ima be up for my 12:45
I REALLY DON'T KNOW HOW I'M GOING TO BE UP FOR MY 8AM TOMORROW



you were there but it was ocean who tended to me. That's why I'll forever be in her debt 😌
I've never witnessed anything like that. 😅
you were at my house when I had one where I can't breathe and shit just hits me all at once. And I need my inhaler.
no I'm so lost
it's not a panic attack for me. It's a cold attack basically. You know my situation it's one of those situations 😅
panic attack... welcome to a daily struggle of someone with anxiety
Just had one of my worst breathing attacks or whatever you want to call them. It sucks having to gasp for air.



amen
don't worry God gots you
we could never no
maybe it is maybe it ain't
it's the devil
that's scary
I heard someone saying my name but no one up 😷😭😭



😎 thanks for checking lol
just checking 👌
it's in general. All the threads I've read the past couple of days lol
this about ur life or someone else's?
wut
heh?
Guys will dead ass have you thinking they love you and the next minute they are fucking with someone else.



++ took unexpected twists and turns could not believe the ending would thesis again ++
and found they couldn't live without it
he'd look at their phones.Which of course everyone owns
talking to peeps he'd just met
Tim found himself at the market
a man named Tim had a bucket…
Working on a 40 word summary of my thesis. Pretty sure I can make a limerick out of this…



Henry Ford off Grand Boulevard in Detroit
what hospital are y'all at?
thank you so so much! We're praying hard down here!
praying so hard man! Im happy for your family that he's finally getting the surgery he needs.
I'm at the hospital. Dad's surgery started around 2-3 am. Please keep those prayers up for a tough 8-10 hour transplant. God is good.
Surgery is on! Please continue the prayers, now comes the long part! God is good.
Please keep my dad in your prayers. 3rd time called down to the hospital this month, hoping this is the time the transplant finally happens.



right
gosh haha. You hit him with that left or right? Haha
I know. I felt bad 😂
don't get to serious cousin haha
it wasn't my fault. He needs to stop play fighting with me 😂🙄
that's not nice...
Me &amp; borris were play fighting &amp; I accidentally punched him in the mouth 😂



every single bettencourt I ever knew has been Puerto Rican. Every single one
'her real last names bettencourt so shes not afrolatina'. do u ignit assholes know how many bettencourts there are in latinamerica?
ppl are not only fucking oblivious to afrolatinas context, they can literally see us in the thick of it&amp; dunno how to process it. still deny
joseline hernandez speaks a whole nother language like a latin-caribbean native: spanish. but u talmbout shes faking bein latina 🙄 coz black
as usual its a bunch of ppl who have no clue wtf being rican or dominican is coz they not latinamerican. but swearing they can invalidate
stevie j &amp; the rest of yall such ethnocentric trash u cant even tell joseline hernandez raps in spanish in an unfakeable rican accent.
im watching this joseline hernandez vid still mad stevie j talmbout she fakes bein puerto rican. yall always do that to afrolatinas.



and you can't make fun of us for getting super serious about it
perfect🌲🌲🌲
well you have to watch survivor with us
am too Ron said
not invited
me too!!!:)
Mom is making steaks and hash brown casserole tonight.. I picked a good day to visit 😎



✌️ we can talk about this later Hahahaha ok I'm not going to answer anymore✌️✌
hdjkgdydmyyndy i love you the most! 😝
ok bye love you twin (the most) ❤️❤️
go back to sleep..it's still early 💙
I thought so
yup she is 😉
isn't she sleeping?



LKJDS IM LAUGHING OH MY GOD
IFHDG I HAD THAT MOVIE ON VHS
yes,
does he drive a bus at the start of that
FREDDY'S DEAD
which ONE IS THIS
"daddy's waitin' for 'ya, little girl""SHUT THE FUCK UP MAN"



Sometimes Jane in our lives we have to take pain &amp; hurt to try to  convey a message.
Yes, as did I. And it HURT like a MOTHER FUCKER!!!! I still have the marks!!! BUT, it made me the good man I am now.
When I was young, I got the switch.
Switch or Hand Jane....CHOOSE!!!!
It's a cop out Jane. Back in our day we would get the shit kicked out of us. Now, parents pacify children.
I think young people have been raised to feel guilty about their middle-class life instead of being raised to try to achieve more
Do folk even know nor care Jane?



we should make smores sometime lol
lool im hungry XD
I think we deserve froyo . But I'm still so full lol .
Omg sorry i thought i replied to your other tweet already XD i got 84 *-*
lol how did you do on the test
82/100 let's gooooooo woooooo !!!!!
WHATD YOU GET IN 351



I'll buy you some food too😂 but what if I don't 🤔
and if u do eat out in those 2 weeks 🤔
I'm two weeks😂
show me then 🤔😂
watch 😎😂
u sure u been saying this smh lol
Okay I made up my mind...No more eating out for two weeks, and I'm saving all the money I can lmfao



hahahahah don't pee yourself this time 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I just keep rereading the original tweet and laughing way too hard lol
the struggle is real 😂😂😂😂
😂😂 I feel that way about most of my family
the older one but the younger one could use it too😂😂😂😂
uh oh, which one?!
My sister needs cunt punted into a pile of cow shit.



I'll tell you guys everything on Saturday !
has he given you a legit explanation at least?! I'm curious to know
I don't know how I feel about it either !! 😭 and honestly I know I'm putting my guard up y me conoce tan bien that I'm like 🙃😒😫
idk how to feel about it 😭 only because i don't want you to get hurt again. Just be careful
yeah 😅
girl 😑
I don't want to get my hopes up 🙃



i'll be waiting
going to the teachers lounge
be there in 5 min bitch 💀
i'm near the gym fight me pussy
i'm waiting
I'll beat your ass 😂
jordan's fucking retarded



💀💀💀 you got me fucked up I was gone get everybody food
Boy!! You will sleep in the bathtub😒and no!!!!!! I'll make sure everything is gone
make sure you got some koolaid and snacks in that bitch 😂
that's what you think!!
I'm staying at y'all house 😂
who care ugly mf
About to be in the city for 5 days 🙌🏾😬



HAHAHAHA I was sooooo agitated and I saved myself the hurt bc i knew you weren't gonna text back BC U WEREN'T EVEN AWAKE
12hrs later.... 🤔
i'll text u when i'm off my phones on 37 :(((
A++++ texter!!! DM me why you said that tho
totally forgot hahaha you should know how great of a texter I am!!
is that why you didn't text me back?? Lol
i dropped my phone again today and my shit is so fucked up and if that doesn't describe how pissed I am i'm not sure wtf will.....



you're making up stuff😂
😂😂😂 I answered! I think it was your fault!
I disagree.
yours!!!
and whose fault is that 🙄
our streak broke 🔥🚫💀
I have some pretty long snapchat streaks, but I'm most proud of my timehop streak.



so incompletely unbundled.
Discussing now the parking max 1 space per residential unit; but debating rather parking spots are truly unbundled.
Coburn says costs to build now $347/sq ft without land costs!! (but large infrastructure costs with parking)
(Which seems fine unless you have more than two kids? Every unit doesn't have to be a forever unit)
current Boulder Junction development units - 91% are two or less bedrooms
City owned lot last in Phase I, chance to fit in but also fill in some gaps
Boulder council study session now on to Pollard site (Boulder Junction)! Just to explore scenarios to develop an RFP.



Do U even see how self centered you are? You think ur the community? Gays are so much more than sexuality! Sad
while you sit out the fight supporting our LGBT community, you are welcome that the LGBT majority aren't.
Trump isn't anti gay! U keep believing what you want but remember, were still #GaysForTrump!!
the house isn't what's burning, it's your justifications for supporting an anti-gay ticket.
AGAIN, not at all what ur doing! The house is burning &amp; ur worried about the outfit!  This ain't about you
bullying? Standing up for the rights and health of our community is bullying to you? Pathetic
It's intimidation, bullying and str8 up hate speech. But of course it's not cuz well... You know!



he was cool but yeah he did get killed in battle. and his brothers were both kings, so maybe he would have gotten around to it
Wasn't he a big ol jerk who was set to be king but then got himself killed in battle? Cause a lotta Edmunds are like that.
Big fan of Edmund, the Earl of Rutland who died in like I don't know 1458 or something
Hillary. I dig Burke. the Bastard.
Edmund is a good name. Lot of good Edmunds
My second is actually Edmund which is like halfway there.
You can name your dumb kid Alfred or Edward but I can't name mine Æthelbert, Rædwulf, or Angeltheow? Anglo-Saxon double standards suck!



yea lol and they got errbody jackets 😭 wonder if lucy got one... hmmmm 🤔🤔🤔 LOLOLOL
oh man i crey i just watched shay's snap they were all signing yearbooks and everything LOL
today was keegans. I think tomorrow is the last last day? Like almost all the sets are gone
is it their last day of shooting already?
but omg the snap of keegan and troian hugging and crying killed me
lmao I chose the first one cos I rlly haven't been catching up like I said I would LO
How do you feel about PLL ending



thank you so so so much 😩✨❤️💞😝
yes of course!!! 😏 I got u💖😊
help me paint my face n b lazy?? Not only did I hear you were braid queen but also makeup 💞😘
I HAVE TO MAKE MINE STILL 🙃
I CANT WAIT :-) I don't have a costume yet tho 😩🤘
UGH YES 😍😍😍😍
✨👻❤️



your twitter name is accurate
nah you good
I know!!! Midterms is killing me 😢 I'm going to fix my schedule starting next week 😊
random ass eye emoji but whoa three hours WHO are you
I need to! I slept like 3 hours last night 👀
go to sleep
I'm trying so hard to keep my eyes open 👀



im sureeee u dont like me anymore
okay fuck u was gonna send u this new monitor i just got, but i guess not.
no phone
i meant on ur phone
no monitor
call
Hi



alright but our date tomorrow is off gn
lmao u r fakebut ily
HAHAHAHAH you caught me ;)
wait really? so how come you had to put quotes around it why didn't you just state your belief asking for a friend
🙋🏼🙋🏼🙋🏼🙋🏼
i just love this who said it
"I believe that loss and emptiness and confusion often give way to new fullness and wisdom."



they don't want you while you grinding /:
sad but true 😞
Ik that but that's what some people won't and you can't achieve that without working to attempt to be perfect
NO ONE'S PERFECT
huh?
NO ONE IS
IM NOT FUCKING PERFECT😞😭



littty
two more days b 😎😎
damnn lol
I don't get home till like  2 or 3 in the am 😅😓
i feels u b lol
that's how I be feeling b trust
finally omw home cant wait to get on my bed



we have general To chicken. Which isn't even sold in China. It's good though.
haha,what kinda chinese food do you like?and wats look like in US?
so dinner time. Wish I could eat real Chinese food. Not what get in the US
sorry for busy with my work.its 1606 in China,same district with Shanghai
in North Dakota, USA it is 1:54 am
wat time is it there?
Why are you still up. Get sleep. Dam



im upset. You my turn up buddy frfr😞 &amp; who dat
😔 we where supposed to turn up before you leave to basic training! Hey but I know someone's you like is going 🤔😂
WHAT AM I GUNNA DO WITHOUT YOU
no dude I wanted to do fucking bad ! But I can't I need to save money lol everyone is telling me to go but to much money already
youre not going?!?
fucking lucky ass
2 MORE DAYS BITCHES



if not tomorrow when Lugo cuts me lol
ight i'll hit you man if i head that way
if you change your mind hit me lol I got 2 blunts
shit id be down but i just got back to the house lol i'd say slide but i know that's a mission
I was trynna see if you trynna burn it. But you ain't in town :/
at the house man. wassup
wya broda



I know what you did this morning
I don't do drugs
they're fun though lol try one
🤔🤔🤔👽🤔
RUIN
🤔🤔🤔
Edibles will ruin your life



now put it on repeat and do this week's statmech
it's p catchy
fucken warned u
I'm gonna check it out brb
wrote a STRESSFUL PHYSICS SONG
how's the pset this week
please gOd don't listen to the song "Entropy" while doing thermo hw it'll stress u out the chorus is "calculate the entropy" im not even



fuck you😂
"imma put a case on it soon" they said
yea son
that bitch shattered huh? Lmao
remember the other day how we was taking about how fiya my phone looked without a case
what
guess what son...



😂😂😂 thank you but I'm not about play w/ you.
a fucking gorgeous time
what does it look like 🙄
umm do you know what your face looks like
whyyyyyy are you always bothering me 🙄
but this dick for everybody
I want you all to myself I swear.



i recommend it. he briefly played some hip hop luckily i had to take a shit just then :)
when u put those 2 together you're bound to have a good night Maybe I should go to one of his events
no forreal it was fun. lots of zomboy lots of snails
did he really throw down?
hes still a dick and i dont wana @ him anyway but credit where credit is due and i genuinely enjoyed his set :)
lol still can't @ him   Plus he's still a dick
thanks Getter for a great night :)



no I have to work at 7 😂😂
actually ??
Now?
when u tryna paint ??
bless up for the Saint inside you.
ya
Anyone wanna help me paint my room?



I just hate the Nazi rhetoric and #KKK connections this campaign has conjured through trump's camp.
Exactly!! Some crazy foreshadowing shit right there!!
Yea it's Roger Waters and Kubrick territory and it freaks me the fuck out!
It's a classic for sure! A Clockwork Orange too! Those 2 movies' metaphors sum up all of my fears for this country!! 😫
Oh wow! That film still gets me. Been in my head because of the election and how close Trump is to being a Fascist.
I have a pt that shaves his eyebrows &amp; reminds me of The Wall.... #PsychIssues
So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, blue skies from pain.Can you tell a green field from cold steel rail?A smile from a veil?



🙄😱 yes I can wth lol smh whatever bye!!
i know you cant stay away from a party 😂
🙄🙄🙄 me get caught up? Psssshh yeah right, lol I'm not gonna stay home
😂&amp; you said "honestly imma stay home Saturday night" you gonna get caught up
They can't stop me 🤘🏽
you're grounded though ?
I think I know what I'm gonna dress up as this weekend 🤔



Haha that's how I felt about Jumin - I couldn't wait, I just bought the HG! Gonna try to hold out on 707 &amp; hope it's worth it 😝
I couldn't wait I just played it!  707's route gives a lot away about the story.
I have 2 days left of Zen &amp; 4 for Jumin. I rlly want to do 707's bc he hilarious but I heard his route is best saved for last 😝
So far I have started Zen, I have completed 707 and Jumin.  I have to start Zen over because I am so many days behind.
What routes have you played?
yay I am so glad you got it!  I love that game!!!!
I finally got Mystic Messenger &amp; I'm obsessed!! 😱😍



it does but you're right bro it will be worth it at the end!
it sucks man but itll be worth it.
yeah I need to start going over my notes at least twice a day I just hate studying lol
we'll see it's not 100%. Yeah best way to memorize stuff is like review notes like an hour three or four times a day.
it kinda does and it kinda doesn't because I actually find this stuff that I'm reading interesting lol
that's because your mind doesn't care about what your reading lol.
Wish I could memorize stuff after reading it once SMH



aw thanks!
I've gotten some thoughts from your work in that regard that I really need to type out, one of these days.  Thanks!
Yes your work makes the world a better place :U
I've been slacking, true.  World needs more text of muscle balloonification, really.  It's my niche.
Whaaat not writing while getting old?
Gettin' old!   What, it's a hobby.
What's all ya sext beasts up to tonight?



I will need to find subjects consuming with skim and non-dairy. The soy milk subject () does not report either as well.
Note: I use 2% milk
darn! I will record these notes for research
No and no, sadly.
uncomfortably full? Can you feel your cholesterol dropping?
I've had four bowls of Cheerios this morning AMA



yes for sure it's been way too long 😍❣️
when you come down sleep over? Have some one on one bestie time? 😭
no dude I miss you! It's not even funny anymore 💔
i miss you, i miss you, i miss you, i miss you, i miss you, i miss you, i miss you, i miss you, i miss you, i miss you
yes bestie bestie? 😨
bestie bestie 🙁



if you ever find yourself in a situation where you are about to be a crack fiend message me I will help
I don't know the future man. Who knows what circumstances I will find myself in.
you said you will "probably" never smoke crack and I thought it was funny
what
probably
for the record and I have not and probably will not ever smoke crack



yes you do
I have no one to date josh
we can double date
I ain't gay
let's go
I'm 25 and never been to the pumpkin patch



dog cleaned cat's bowl. This went on for a couple days before the cat sat on my head and made her complaint clear
ooops
the dog kept eating all the cats food, so when I figured it out and fed her, she inhaled her food.  5 minutes later *ack*
I think she had too many treats. Damn kids. Lol
how weird, mine did too. But I'm not sure if it was a hair all or if she just ate too fast
My cat spit up for the very first time yesterday. She's over 2 years old so I was wondering when that shit would start. 😕



GIRL I GOT YOU
FUCK OK I WOLL I MIGHT NEED TO BUY SOMETHING ELSE TO BUILD N LIKE IM BAD AT IT LIKE I CANT EVEN PUT LEGO THINGS TOGETEHER
TBH I've put together all my IKEA shit by myself so... next time hit a girl up
FUCK REALLY i want to die idk if it's just fucked bc of the maker or bc o built it wrong :/
coulda hit me up I'm good at that shit
I'd like my 28 dollars back



that's exactly it! So WHY is it okay for black people; the same race that the slur was used towards in every derogatory way,
people are saying a word that THEIR ancestors used as they oppressed, enslaved, and raped African Americans. It is NOT THE SAME.
Aye! Thank you for not using a derogatory term to your friends and not cry abt it when white people do in the same manner 🤗
I don't say "nigger" on the daily....
Regardless of race. Yes I'm tf petty bc those girls did not deserve to get suspended when all y'all say that word on the damn daily !
So these girls got suspended.. lol next time anybody says the N word on Twitter or snap is getting snitched on by me to their principle. 😊



awww. Hope you day is good as well cutie
About the same, it's early here. :) I hope your day is a good one though.
good. Trying to wake up. How are you?
&lt;3 ::purr:: How you doing this morning?
yawns. Hands you coffee
Good morning.



😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 about time
I'm better damn it 🙄
what up sick
hiiiiii
👋🏾
Good morning #CowboysNation 🙌🏼



Like the bumpers in a bowling alley! 😄😄😄
it's what I keep going back to. Yes God reaches thru to me by experience &amp; other means, but scripture is my home base.
I believe it to be the objective truth. (Not my interpretation of it) But it stands safely outside my subjectivism, &amp;...
Sola Scriptura.
Excellent question. What do you believe the answer to be?
All have a theology, what we think to be true of God, &amp; a creed (written or unwritten), what we say to be true of God. What informs it?



But agreed on the advice.



I admit I play with my trolls. I can't help it.
I ignore trolls except on Halloween. Then, I give them candy. I learned they have their own issues and one of them isn't me.
The same people must moonlight as trolls on my YouTube vids. Apparently I am Jew who is working for the Illuminati. Who knew?!
Discovered the dark side of Twitter in a hashtag game filled w humor, then stuffed w antisemitism and racism. I wish for equality &amp; respect.



I already forgot how to dunk tbh. I get good at it and then forget
I know. I've witnessed the bs. "How you dunk?" I tell you and you go underneath the basketball and shoot
I'm not good at the game anyway 😂😂
more than half the roster has the catch and shoot badge. And yes the way teams perform in real life affect the video game
guess I gotta pick a new 2K team🤔
retweeted that



brb getting dad to call UPD
last time I checked, you sleep in MY bed
you get tf out of my bed
get tf out my bed









sure. I agree with that. Can't agree with Varejao seeing court before McGee - even with better IQ, he brings nothing to table
I can't put Olajuwon and javale McGee in the same convo..I don't care what we are talking about...but IQ plays a big role into this
Olajuwon got dunked on, Bogut get dunked on. Getting dunked on =/= being bad rim protector. Still undecided on Javale tho
did someone recently dunk on u? Lol all I'm saying is I'm routing for the guy to be a rim protector
because getting dunked on equates to being a productive player right? Lol... okay
I'm over here fighting for javale...and then he goes out there and gets banged on the second he checks in



hahahaha 😂. No... It's 3:41am right now and I got home from work like 3 hours ago.. 😂
lazy day? Get up and do something! (Putahrages ang hirap jusq mali pa ata sinasabi ko) hahahaha
like. I'm staring at the ceiling cause i'm lying down 😂
so what's up men? Hahahahaha
sure sure 👌🏻😂
Hoy tara englishan tayo! Hahahahahaha



never 😴 to fucking who ? I'll wait 🤔
you be doing the do 😂
no lol
lmaooo stfu
nasty 😦
Did I mention? I’m in love with switching positions Wanna f**k you in the kitchenImma hit it from beside,he don’tIt’s a shame he don’t 😝



Jesus 🙈
Stubhub lol
how'd you manage tickets this late
going to the game. And sounds good I'm not leaving till 2 tho
you going to the game or just going downtown? We'll be at tilted kilt by 3. Stop in
Welp see you tonight Cleveland!! #RallyTogether



lol I'm scared.
fuck that, I'm gonna edge lmao... At least I'll get a small bit of relief without nutting. I just need to stroke my dick
I know!!😭😭😭I wanna edge, but I know if I do imma hit the wrong pressure point and explode!
I haven't nutted since last Wednesday /Thursday. I'm on lock down by Bryant as far as that goes lmao. He said I gotta hold it😂
Mmhmm
me?



Yeah, that's why I asked. It's often a filler vegetable. Maybe in New Mexico?
I mean cooked green bell pepper not jalapeno. Overpowers &amp; kills meat dishes/sauce. Other peppers/colors/fresh/sparingly ok
Saison did a gourmet version of a jalapeño popper once. That was green and cooked.
green and cooked. tastes like the 80s.
like...bell pepper? Or any?
How many award-winning dishes or tasting menus have cooked green pepper? Probably zero.



CTFU
exactly
🤐🤐🤐
you gone get this frustration or nah if nah...hush it up!!!
oh so now you complaining? Interesting
Withdrawal is real smh



yesss hahaha that's the solution, just watch it over &amp; over
SAME. I'm going to watch it so many times so I can find new things. I'm hoping for a movie (&amp; that it wouldn't be overkill!)
can't wait 😍 kinda mad I know were gonna finish it in a day tho 😂😂
Omg I had goosebumps and just so many tears especially the funeral scene!
legitimately got emotional I couldn't look at the screen the whole time LOl
I just watched the Gilmore Girls trailer and I aM SOBBING



ok just lmk
I'm not sure yet, I might go
oh okay. You going to ou Friday ?
I actually don't know lol. My friends here going to ou for Nia and them party. I can find out what the party is for you though
what's the move Friday I'm pulling up lol
Wth am I gonna be for HallOSUween 😩



yeah, I'm really feeling some T-Bell right now.
....I kinda want a burrito now.
a really shitty burrito, sure.
the minute 3 PM hits, I will turn into a burrito. Kinda like in Cinderella. She turned into a burrito right? 🌯
be a burrito
Today is one of those days where I wanna say "fuck it", go home, and become a burrito.



u done for the night?
I lost every match today. Not 1 W. Not playing unless I see "Klinkypoo" on the team. Need my good luck charm.
sheesh I'm 3-0 today
lost money, pride, dignity, and drive to turn on my PS4
u lost huh
i need klink



yeeeah. Major fail. Hubs put cat food on the kitchen floor, I kept putting dog in kitchen to save her from ear-yanking kid
ooops
the dog kept eating all the cats food, so when I figured it out and fed her, she inhaled her food.  5 minutes later *ack*
I think she had too many treats. Damn kids. Lol
how weird, mine did too. But I'm not sure if it was a hair all or if she just ate too fast
My cat spit up for the very first time yesterday. She's over 2 years old so I was wondering when that shit would start. 😕



You could be even more selective.
some of them are dead! good luck with that! i'm very selective.
Most of those people are re-posting the work of others.
You're full of it I have great photographers on my timeline!
But every now and then there is a photo I find interesting
@GnoccoFritto Honoured that you can waste a RT on my tweets! Peek at my timeline for great photos, images, Art.



lol, barely.
absolutely. Still not sleeping I see.
I'm okay, ty.
aww how sweet is that. I'm okay, wbu?
Legit thought of you the other day. Appreciate it, love. How are you?
my dear, my sincerest condolences.  Sending you love and light.



You're welcome to offer it, at least - but I'll offer a caveat first.
Do you want some advices from me?
Online, mostly. Although this has sometimes pertained in my outside life as well. =P
speak verbal or speak twitter?
Pretty sure an awful lot of people like me better when I don't actually speak to them.
Trying to be more communicative with people and I'm not sure it's working out well for me.



long drive to get told your STD isn't a pregnancy
man, I can't count how many times we had to drop someone off at Hastings, usually in the middle of the night.
the Healthcare situation is actually better than when we were kids. But still not the best. ER visits over Hastings visits
yeah, i really didn't care for paying the penalty for not having health insurance when I was laid off last year
yeah, I could use a bit of that too
I'm still waiting on all this free healthcare, college, housing, and money from the government, that everyone says us Native Americans get.



I was there my best advice is use that negativity into a positive homie that will be your greatest strength homie
ik man I've been in a little slump lately and I'm trying to build my dreams back up
Ik I will be playing IW variant if that doesn't go good I'll be become a coach, and bro don't give up you have talent and ambition
I need this
I'm right here bro wassup
Need a coach / confidence booster to gas me up 😂



DM me and I'll explain
im confused
what you on dude? DM me if necessary
not tonight im tryimg to save energy til halloween
I thought you were wasted man lol
14 days and our President will be



yes that's the spirit!!! Honestly it was better the second time
ok time to watch another 200 episodes
no you pretty much just need to start over
like there isn't anything else to watch on Netflix
I finished it last week and honestly i still don't know what to do with myself
Just finished the last episode of That 70s Show! Now what am I going to do with my life??😔



Well, we'll see. Mark my words. If she wins, we're in for a hell of a lot of war all over a regime change in Syria. Bad news.
I disagree. She's shrewder, and with tighter parameters. Think she's right of Obama, but no Bush.
I didn't like that war either....She's a George Bush in a pantsuit.
did my part in Halliburton's war. Still, #HereIAmWithHer. Says a lot : my support is not just about her gender.
Well, expect a lot more tears after we end up in more endless wars.
#HereIAmWithHer. Voted for our #Hillary yesterday. Shimmy, tears, for my grandmothers.



yeah
rn?
on sc 😂😂😂
do it!
NO STOP 😂😂
post the picture!!😈



dad lives in Rialto !
I thought you were in Pomona?🤔
you're going to be so much closer to me 😭😭
Fontana!
where to ?
Moving is so stressful 😴



i am officially NOT on the clock. u wanna talk?? fine. please dont make me feel uncomfortable
look man im PAYING rn for you to drive me. im not going to complain about uber to u if i meet u at MY work place so STOP
omg like when my uber asks me rly uncomfortable things about my job or complains about prices like.... shut the fuck up
" it was a joke...I was just trying to break the ice" I literally do not want to talk I just want to go home
i h8 uber drivers who are like this or ask weird about disneyland like stfu and drive me please
*gets into an Uber in costume*Uber driver: " Sorry I don't think I have any Disney music"🙃🙄👌🏽



I mean... every time I watch porn
when ya dick grow
when does your water break
thats just water weight
you been pregnant yo whole life
Theres a rule. Gotta be married a year before getting pregnant. Slut



But I thought Dr. Phil said there are always two sides to a pancake.



I admit I play with my trolls. I can't help it.
I ignore trolls except on Halloween. Then, I give them candy. I learned they have their own issues and one of them isn't me.
The same people must moonlight as trolls on my YouTube vids. Apparently I am Jew who is working for the Illuminati. Who knew?!
Discovered the dark side of Twitter in a hashtag game filled w humor, then stuffed w antisemitism and racism. I wish for equality &amp; respect.



i'll come see you on Thursday 😍😍😍😍
what the hell 😩 I thought you did ! Ithats way too long ! 😠
i don't work thursday 😭 i don't get to see you until next week☹️️
awe 🙁 do you close Thursday?
i missed you at work ☹️️
so boreddd



Only In Your House 😂😂
man it must be in the air!! We woke up like this!!🗣🖕🏿
*Jamireo But Naw I Was Woke Just In Time 😂😂 Why You And Pooh Having Heart Surgery And Shit 😂
Screaming to the top of mi lungs!!! Jamerio!!!!! I wish your ass was sleep so I could have deleted it..😩
I hate yoooouuuu!! And yes!! I'm very heartbroken Ian shame..😝
In Their Feelings Going Through A Heart Ache 😂😂😂



I think so
did you use your call sick frees? I got you I'm at 0 I think
let me borrow some points
📞 off
if only I didn't have to work Sunday smh
my conference for my English is tomorrow instead of Halloween. I could've stayed in Vegas until Monday :(



Cleveland was 11-8 vs the sox. 2012 Tigers were 12-6. Looks bad to be rooting for the teams that run you over consistently
sox weren't the doormat in 2012 or even this year, if the sox's season ended after April they'd be the best team in the AL
makes the sox fans look like fools alway rooting for their dvsn winnr. Every dvsn winner since '10 has used the sox as a doormat
I want to keep the World Series in the AL central, shows the Sox play in the best division in baseball
yeah but Michigan and Michigan State are in the same conference just like hmmm the Sox and Indians
As a sox fan to root for the Cubs would be like being a Michigan State fan who starts rooting for Michigan. It doesn't happen



Hopefully there are more that I can go to. Absolutely can't justify flying to Cali when I have bills to pay. Haha
I know I know bb :( going to see bae this weekend. We're trying to come to an event soon
Absolutely! Wish you'd come though so we can hang bb.
Dude if shirts are dope there I may get you to pick me up 2 I can PayPal. Lemme know 💕
I live 1.5 hours away, but don't have a team. Might come spectate this weekend though if I don't get a last-minute squad.
Are more than 20 teams going to stl?



lol what about the blacklist
warning, they have gay scenes in it! Lol
lol I gotchu I'm bout to start watching this
Show: "How to Get Away with Murder," I don't have to even explain this one, you just sleep if you don't watch it but catch up on Netflix.
Movie: "Tears of the Sun" Navy go to save a doctor in Africa but she don't want to leave all the ppl behind so they basically go to war.
Show: "The Blacklist" this man was on the most wanted list but turns himself in to the FBI, but you'll have to watch to see why. He so smart



it screeches "EXTERMINATE" and does really loud shooting sound effects and it wakes me up in a panic
Lol still sounds scary
😂
it definitely did, like 12 times
Did it exterminate your sleep?
Daleks are so loud and scary, most effective alarm ever. Scary as shit



that's right
it's okay, cause like the wise Aaliyah once said "if at first you don't succeed, dust yourself off and try again"
no no no
wowwww k 🙄
don't be blaming me
Y'all, MoMo is the reason that I'm a hurt hoe 🙃



I mean 🙄🙄🙄🙄 do you follow the "rave exchange SoCal buy/sell" on fb?
lol I'm not a pretty Asian girl like you that can just walk in 😂😂😂
sneak in!!!
Friday is extinct though !
Saturday?? Booooo
My escape ticket seller just flaked on me!!Still looking for 2 single Saturday tickets to escape



naw, lifted wrong. Had a defect in my spine I didn't know about... so at a real young age, had it all fixed.
Oh. Uh oh. From working out?
lol. I killed a few discs, had to replace em.
Oh. I need one! Or I just need to cut out that piece of muscle that I keep having spasms in! What am I, 200 years old? :)
I got a new lower back 14 years ago...
I need a new back, apparently. Or maybe I should just stop lifting heavy stuff.



ohhhh well then 😂
no he replied, he even sent another one 😂😂😂
I'm gonna get he didn't reply ?
Lmaooo all I said was "nice"
send one back lmao
I haven't gotten nudes in so long that I didn't even know how to respond when some guy sent me one lmao



I was surprised at how few theaters it was at last weekend, but think it should be pretty easy to see this weekend.
I just want Moonlight to play somewhere below 14th St that isn't Angelika.
there's even a Brooklyn Roasters in C21! (ahh I can't wait to go see Moonlight at AD)
No, but wow is that building full of places we all hate ourselves for secretly loving.
but did you get any kool stuff at Century 21
Curiosity was killing me, so I am at the BK Alamo Drafthouse rn, and (predictably enough) it is so wonderful I could cry.



I'd love it actually! I hugged 3 men tonight. I mean this in a totes platonic way. Normally I agree with you 100% but maybe not here
this is exactly what many women are trying to talk about. Imagine an LP hugging you. Or a federal judge. You ok with that?
no. You are in a power position and many women may be uncomfortable refusing.
I guess but ice got to say a platonic hug feels great. What if I just want to hug the counter party and they can opt in? 😉
hold on. Not everyone wants to be hugged.
I think maybe I shouldn't invest in people I can't hug at the end of an evening and feel great about it.



bet that
Alright bet. Ima text you when I get up
hey man check your dm sent you my new number
😂
he just holding on they gone evaporate
Stevie Wonder need to let them braids go... Once they get to the back of your head like that's it's over with..



alright cool
that's cool bro just hit me up on here or Facebook
no i dont buy it. how much mut for 50k mt?
do u know the price of my team?
damn idk if i want that much. how much mut for it?
yo i got 104k my team for u



its an ego thing.
Exactly. I love seeing people happy and in love. I have no clue why anyone would be against that.
admittedly  i dont  know a lot about her. But if she makes  Russell happy thats enough  for me
Yep. That is something I don't understand.
im guessing  its future's fans still butthurt that she  found a good man.and didnt come Crawling back to him..
Folks are mad because Ciara proves there is life after f**k boys. Bask in your post-f**k boy glow sis. Congrats to the Wilson's.



we had under 400
damn!
I'm in the middle of a clopen, so I just slept in my clothes cause we were dead as shit yesterday
coming home and sleeping until my shift tomorrow..
do it for the crew
Running on 2 hours 😭



hahah I only do GA shows but some venues are better than others and it depends on the fans too
it would be! Yeah I hate GA shows! Never been to houston but I know I will fell safer there than southside
that would be amazing!!!
I really want to shoot both Dallas and Houston dates!
then people started selling $40 tickets for over a $100 and I can not afford that!
Love seeing everybody's photos of the 1975!!! Really hoping to photograph them again in November!!! 📸😁



makes sense. What about gay couples tho
I mean they also don't want a child with extra toes We're programmed to not want to mate with persons we have known since birth
makes sense to just breed with relatives then, que no
they want to have offspring that look like them because they want to pass off their genes both phenotypically and genotypically
It's weird, buddies.
Is there a reason people tend to choose romantic partners that they look like they could be related to? Like, a scientific reason



no we were at that kids house w the pool and the tent and the speaker lol
facts tho last time I saw you were we doing community service 😭 lmao
me too haven't seen u in 4ever😔
lol it's 9 I'm awake already😳
go back 2 sleep lol
call ur henchmen slime



but for a first date tho!
WHAT?! I love pool
smh..
that would be an awesome first date what even?????
He's pretty upset about it and can't seem to figure out that shooting pool wasn't a very good idea for a first date
My roommate had a date with someone last week, and he said "Idk, man. I took her to shoot pool, and she just wasn't feeling it, I guess."



lmfaoooo I feel you 😹 but thats why I usually buy coffee in the am to stay awake on the ride but when my day is over im slumpedd af
that's the one place I hate sleeping on ! I feel like I might open my mouth and end up on someone's snapchat
the only place I really be falling asleep is on the train lmaoo
I literally fall asleep anywhere lol
I wish I can do that :(
I nap like 5x a day



good shit😌
yeah that's who I'm going do lol. &amp; some other ones
lmfaoo okay😂 do Walmart or sum they pay like $9
girl I ain't going work there . I'm going find me a good paying job that I'm gone stay at .
apply at mooyah
I'm Finna go do buku job applications today



Lol. You had me at "stare"
one day we'll meet, we'll stare, &amp; then we'll drink as friends
Cheers Mike!
I appreciate folks that are real, you are genuine in your expressions.
You are too kind!
one day I will want to meet you because you are a person who adds to a person's experience - I look forward to that time



Guillermo fake everytime I wanna hang he's like I'm with. Big head or George or with your ass
Guillermo said ur fake bcs u didn't answer his call
lmao ok fake
lmao let me find out if we're showing it
I want to watch shut in
"What's the saddest why to die and still live""Falling in love and seeing them walk away"  Me lmaoo



fine then be that way hateful ass
donuts is cheap asf! nigga, you gonna spend $8 at the most 😒
breakfast isn't cheap bitch
nope nope hell no! you always take the cheap way out. 😒
lol jk I guess lunch is on you and I'll get us breakfast
will you bring me donuts? i'll pay you when you get here 😜



ALL YOU CAN EAT????
It's all you can eat I don't think it's very pricey
I'm not rich
We have to go to Joes Crab Shack at some point
can we get that I haven't stopped thinking about it since I saw this tweet
Would rather be eating coconut shrimp



was never worried about hurting your feelings. Just don't want you to embarrass yourself with your own ignorance.
well you follow me. Never forced you to do so. So please if you don't like my content. Feel free👉🏿 I won't be hurt😌
both.
spelling wise or me talking?🙇🏿
I'm sorry, but there are so many things wrong with this tweet.
Lady's, there is nothing wrong with acting like a woman, liking girly things, and having woman like mannerisms.



that is fricking badass, no lie
I actually did point the laser at myself a few weeks ago and could see a signal from the bone in my finger. How cool is that?
anyone else? Uncoooooool.
Yes! Do not point the lasers at yourself or anyone else.  ;p
is it to not point the lasers at yourself?
Interesting. Catching up on internal SOPs in the office this morning.  We've a new health and safety policy for working alone in the field.



The only good thing is if there are any fence setters anymore, it might help. MSM created Trump &amp; is responsible.
And a lot of it will stick even after proven false. The media must shoulder a huge part of the blame for Trump. HUGE! lol
He repeats x100, media repeats his repeats x100. It's exponential lying on a grand scale.
It has. Repeat repeat and repeat again. And his sheep believe it all.
That's been Trump's entire life and campaign.
Man they're using that "corrupt politician that has ever run for office" up the kazoo. Repeat a lie often enough &amp; ppl will believe it.



True that
oh well,  can’t always be on top!
USA is weird. None of us understand it either.
it’s just, ever since I can rme we here, the credit card by default had the PIN number same as the debit  which can be changed.
Some do have the option, but it's rare. Seen a couple of customers at work that have to pin with their chip cards.
So why hasn’t the US of A added pins the the credit Chip cards



you almost ready?
lmfao wow 😂
I did the other day 😂
I would love to but my mom would kill me 😭
nah ima stay home 😴😴
doesn't forget about me this morning 😂



no your manager doesn't value it but the Company still does. You'd have to contact someone in a higher position or HR
they petty and don't value education like they make it seem in orientation.. My Walmart petty asf 🐸☕
they can't fire you for that?
but I think they going to fire me cause I got class on Thursday the same time I have class... Girl we NEEDS to talk!!! 💁💁💁💁
wait why you picking up a check?
I need to go and pick up my paycheck cause I been broke for the pass 2 weeks



word to the homie Ricky 👆🏽
no way dawg. Comfort never goes out of style
boosts next
chill that's the nmds 👀
the next roshes
The ultra boost gods answered my prayers 🙌🏽



wind in my hair, I was there, I remember it all too well.
cause here we are again on that little town street, you almost ran the red when you were looking over at me
AND I KNOW ITS LONG GONE AND THAT MAGICS NOT HERE NO MORE AND I MIGHT BE OK BUT IM NOT FINE AT ALL
autumn leaves falling down like pieces into place and i can picture it after all these days
Oh, your sweet disposition and my wide-eyed gaze.We're singing in the car, getting lost upstate.
i left my scarf there at your sisters house and you've still got it in your drawer even know



it don't matter as long as they slay...but dm them to me please
they might be expensive but it's a couple I've seen
😭I can't find nobody to do my hair tho.
girl that's where it's at😍😍😍
no I wish,Cali😭
tally?



damn i have all the necessary physical traits for that...but nah!
ARE YOU GONNA BE MORRISSEY?????
house so is a thing he like
honestly gonna be a little bummed if you tell me it's not a Satan costume
i just bought a costume couldn't think of anything diy or original it's fine everyone will be very drunk.
I finally figured out what I'm going to be for Halloween so at least I have that going for me rn.



You should be glad they are not hitting land, they are still there, James
Then why no category 3 hurricanes hitting land since 2005? Not so simple.
The more moisture in the air the more intense the weather...Simple Science
Co2 made that front stall over my house? Please explain how that works.
The thing that flooded you out of your house...That Climate Change....
What climate change?



. trying to think of ways to bridge the diversity gap. People with privilege need exposure. Mandatory training could help.
's company did sessions on diversity issues, as has Vox! Agreed, super worthwhile.
If a game studio is going to be made up of all white dudes the very LEAST they could do is get trained on non white dude issues.
It's not as tho marginalized ppl aren't also consumers or potential hires for companies. Everyone should learn to understand inclusivity.
We hear most about sensitivity training for companies interacting with the general public: hospitality, healthcare, etc. Why not all?
Thinking more today about diversity in tech companies &amp; how they could really benefit from sensitivity training. Heck, ALL companies could.



how close did you get? hahah
uhhh what no way that is wild! Bout to not sleep and try to get as close as I can to the end lol
omg that's crazy! I'm on season 8 episode 4!!
season 8 episode 2! You?
what season are you on?! I'm watching it right now too
Not knowing who ted ends up with is killing me!! Almost to the end though.



lol I'm on 1% plus I hate talking about politics with ppl but yeah I get it like I feel like we are now voting for most fame
Damn detailed response I like it Lucy
yeah
Idk I don't see them as "Puppets for show", but they do have that sense of publicity you know? The famous kind of publicity
they are now literally like puppets of the country, just for show
It's crazy how modern presidents have this kind of celebrity status among society now🤔



I just want to feed her mashed potatoes and show her affection
I'm currently prepping to kidnap her
her name is Presley it's decided and I just want to love her. Like why hang out around a school if you don't like people bro
omg this is the same dog we saw that one night on the garage I see it every day
I know this seems like it is about a boy but it's because I saw a dog on campus tonight and it wouldn't let me touch it
My heart is sad



you  can get it too real shit lmao nigga havent came over since u got maxed in 2k hahah
😂😂😂😭
nigga choked lmao let me get a onside kick  and after i missed the extra point for the tie😂
nope how bad
lol bruce tell u about that asswhooping i gave him😭😭
Hungry af 🙄



Thanks, having a Halloween luncheon today on our floor. We look for any reason to good off and eat😁🎃
yes hope work goes well maggie x
Thanks Buttercup, getting ready😑 enjoy your day😊
good morning maggie you at work now,hope it goes well for you x
Good Morning Christie😄
Good morning happy Wednesday or hump day X



what ya got going on in Memphis?
I'm fine thank u
doing great. How about yourself ?
hello how r u?
Hello :)
hello



most of them around 9-9:30
when do they close 🤔🤔
i work 4-8 🙃
why am i 7-3
honestly been thinking the same thing. leggo before i work saturday
someone take me to a pumpkin patch before I lose my shit



the tickets are super expensive!! Lol
I'm going to try and go 😩
i know november 11!!!
i just saw they going to be in Oakland!!
they're badass
I want watch mana live



i swear i was thinkin tha same thing, just like the 11 heat
100% but people forgot the 11 Heat started slow af too but I'm sleep 😴
thats bs, they really needed that ass whoopin they woke now
Right bro and they saying they won't win the West etc. I mean dann
only 1 game smh
Yes the Spurs thumped the Warriors but stop saying they won't win this or that. Still so much ball to play



but the bench is prolly the best in the league. But again. Its early.
1-0 bruh. No excuses. It's 1 game, but the league is on notice.
personally I would have said the same thing. 81 more to go.
they're 0-1 though. If they would have won though...
you know they play 81 more games right?
Is Kawhi still a system player? I'll wait.



you the best 😊😍
💗😘
I know boo❤️😋
you mean so much to me . Im glad i have you 😘
😘😘💞💞
💗😍



lol it was a good episode especially the balcony scene
well I'm a pure fan plus he's a genius
the end was lol. I'm just not a fan of gambino on this show
this episode was pretty good tho lol
I'm more pissed that paperboi and Darius weren't in this last episode lol
finale is next week Smdh



Living a calm life ain't being washed.
idk naps and Price Is Right are two of my favorite things ever.
Nah. No you're not.
I'm not?!
no you're not
In the last week or so I've considered moving to New Hampshire and Vermont. I'm so washed it's unreal.



forgot you're to good
stop being delusional.
stop being like this
😑
miss you too
I miss my other half. 😔



if you need anything Dm me homie
ik man I've been in a little slump lately and I'm trying to build my dreams back up
Ik I will be playing IW variant if that doesn't go good I'll be become a coach, and bro don't give up you have talent and ambition
I need this
I'm right here bro wassup
Need a coach / confidence booster to gas me up 😂



ok. I'll text you to see where you'll be at
i think we're barhopping the whole way down 2nd st lol
where r u gonna go?
yeah i texted you that i'm going friday
going DT this weekend?
for those who don't know...luna is my dog. i woke my gramma up to sing Happy Birthday to my dog 😂😂😂



I should probably continue it but I needed a small break from it lol especially since college fucks me up haha
ahhhh I'll think about it 😋
same..I watched it only for them, however they dont really appear that much at first. But I fell in love w the plot&amp;other ppl
I already know so much of what happens though 😩id only watch it for Ian and Mickey lmao
doooo itttt...dooooo ittttt
Really wanna start shameless but would also like to keep my sanity



descended from? Bitch I am royalty
You are descended from royalty
I retweet you on occasion. That's almost as cool
My moment has passed. I'll never relive it
you just tryna get Elon Musk to retweet you like Eduard Habsburg did so you can gloat some more






say no more we locked in
on me I'm in PA for the week
naturally link up if you off👀
aw yeah? 🤔
shit wassup me &amp; cory linking up friday
. what b the move



same!!
Facts! 😂 and how i look when i think about the next pair when a fresh one just came in
that's how I look after I order sneakers #SneakerHeadProblems
its accurate af fam
😂😂😂
My header represents me after every decision in my life



I'm sayin. they played like they expected to win and you can't win games like that. shitty D &amp; for 4 all stars 100pts sloppy
by 29 tho 😳
fr. I was pretty salty watchin the game at work lol
I know once playoffs hit it's over
chemistry doesn't happen over summer. they'll tighten up
GS lost???



just checking 👌
it's in general. All the threads I've read the past couple of days lol
this about ur life or someone else's?
wut
heh?
Guys will dead ass have you thinking they love you and the next minute they are fucking with someone else.



Come after the HS games.
gonna try! Depends on what games I cover Friday night
You coming up Friday night to the Gameday Tailgate? We'll be there all night long.
touché
I have season tickets...
How to be romantic in 4 words: I ordered you pizza



show me and we'll pretend. Hahaha
lmao no! Just wondering what he woulda said if I did
you did?!
well....😂😂😂
shirtless, probably. Hahahahaha
How do I respond to that. Lmao 😂😂



It can do lots of magic. Your complete sentences surprise me sometimes.
But the media company, or can it do some magic when the full system is running too?
Yep, that's you.
Creepy.
You are kind of creepy.
Kinda eire, sound of mahjong tiles while walking her hair on the train...



crockpots, home decor, new recipes... I love being an adult just get rid of the money issues
oh god, it sounds like paradise, adulthood is so good 😍
they're so amazing in the winter too bc everything smells nice and the food is warm 😍
I can't wait 😍
slow cookers are an adults best friend. I'd be lost without mine
yk you're an adult when you want a slow cooker for christmas



no minimum is $7.25.... but serves out here get 5 and $5 is already good...😢😢😢
oh wtf is minimum that little there?? Or wuh that's crazy BUT THANKS I TRY
same but you don't get paid only 5 dollars plus tips which range up to atleast $9.😢 YOU GO MAKING MULA
shit girl do work. I still have my job at Costco tho 6-11:30ish usually so I get like 3/4 hours of sleep when I'm lucky 😅
it's okay I close 6 times a week 5-1am🙃
Usually I only do two days at my 4:30AM job but this week it's all five.. I'm gonna die but also money



abd that's all day
damn!
I'm in the middle of a clopen, so I just slept in my clothes cause we were dead as shit yesterday
coming home and sleeping until my shift tomorrow..
do it for the crew
Running on 2 hours 😭



you just never know
I didn't need it earlier 😭
you should have picked up
whaaaat 🙄
smh
I should of picked up 😪



so beautiful tho. Deff top 5
a sad book about arrogance pretty much
I think I'd cry if I read them right now. They sound more like a sad book than a song.
I'm reading the lyrics right now like its deep fam
we're vibin the same way rn
I-I-I-I did it, all right, all right, I admit it Now pick your next move, you could leave or live wit' it



Keep it up girl! 🙌💛
Oh, you're so kind! I'm just happy I can share my love of music &amp; country music with you. ☺️
Really mean it and your knowledge of music is crazy good.
Aww, Thank you so much, Gail! Means a lot! 💞
You are so cute! Enjoy your tweets.
Just pinned my first tweet on my profile! Should be interesting....🤔😉



thank you😘
lol so am I! I gotchuu. . I guess 🙄
I'm serious😅
I gotchuu🙄
bring me some😩
Pizza on the way 😈



Eh, a lot of these folks aren't stupid though. It's about fear. They're afraid of "change".
it's astonishing anyone is that stupid and obtuse on purpose in this century.
Exactly! The "shirt and tie, white nationalist" as the one lady put it. They have a better chance of recruiting more people.
the weirdo Nazi groups are as expected - it's the people who might pass for normal who are shocking.
I DVRed it. Haven't finished watching it yet. Was at the point where he was interviewing the second guy.
I watched "Hate Rising" last night. Highly recommended. The corridor scene with Ramos and the Trump Camaign says it all. #NeverTrump



go to work a lil early or stay a lil later to get it done . I use to hate wasting gas to go pick up a check 😡😡😡
yup.. Only on they shit sadly
can you only do it at Walmart? Can you do it at home ?
cause every time I try to do the direct deposit on they computer I don't get a chance cause its always busy at Walmart
wait why you picking up a check?
I need to go and pick up my paycheck cause I been broke for the pass 2 weeks



them asshole ways😂
Ima be salty if I don't see him .. c/ I know how he get
salty 🙄
what lol
👀👀👀
miss Jaelin det much .. hopefully I get to be w/ him this weekend since we're both off ...



ever heard of the 1797 Treaty of Tripoli? Don't school me on history, friend
this country was founded on Christian values, sweetie. Read your history
I live in a country founded on the freedom from religion. Put down the Bible &amp; pick up the Constitution 🙏🏻
I read the Bible, do you?
I've read your tweets. Put down Fox News and pick up a book and then we can chat.
democrats are lying and corrupt people. The race baiting is getting old, Is that the best you can do? Lol!



the old nick died long ago
I never wanted you to change!! I WANT THE OLD NICK BACK
PEOPLE CHANGE
YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE
i'm sorry jeffery i luuuuuuv u
If you care about me, you've done a shit job showing it  You didn't take chances



totally!
if he ends up thinking I'm creepy will you talk to him and tell him im not thaaaat creepy?
do it! I’d be friends with someone that did that!
so you think I should go for it?
knowing you, you’d probably find a way to make that socially acceptable 😂
I wish it was socially acceptable to meet someone and say "hey, I want to know you lets me friends"



Tity ripped that tape.
got me all itching and shit😂 that's my fav part
how a nigga do
1 yeezy boot ooooooneee
I'm gon talk that shit that niggas wanna hear. Nigga drinking lean like he drinking beer
Y'all gon make me take a shot of Apple crown ain't no Apple crown? That's all cap😂😂



does it seem intentional? Like she intentionally keeps herself ignorant so she doesn't have to actually think about things
I mean what kind of human can be this ignorant?
whenever I try to explain something controversial to her she never gets it and she's a smart woman -
I want to wait and see on this I've felt so similar but I have no proof
maybe she's just delusional?
sometimes I think my mum's a bot, then not, then I think she's a bot then not



ahh that's easy. If I were you, I'd lowkey finesse a bag of chips and eat that shit.
stocking/inventory
cashier or?
walmart
where you work?
work is way too easy today lmao



I followed the armadillo
: Inflammable. On that note, I also contribute: Infamous.
Really. Think about it: Awe. Full.
really???? #themoreiknow
Technically, "awful" USED to mean the opposite of what it means today. Used to mean: "full of awe"  #TheMoreYouKnow
5. CelebQ from Merriam-Webster: What word should mean the opposite of what it means?(forme condone, always felt it should mean the opposite)



a fumble and catch would be more if-then-else type deal. With lots of branching paths.
black and white calls should be decided by technology. Especially when a baseball is moving 80-105 MPH.
ball/strike is a black and white call. Two states. Fumbles and catches are not.
there’s more to look at in football. In baseball, a computer as you see on TV, can do it instantly.
big difference between discerning a ball/strike in baseball and fumble/catch in football.






ya, is it cool if i buy the card tomo when i get on? wont be on tonight.
3:1 ratio cool?
no i dont buy it. how much mut for 50k mt?
do u know the price of my team?
damn idk if i want that much. how much mut for it?
yo i got 104k my team for u



I'll hit you or you sis up when I'm headed down
alright bro 👌🏽
I think thanksgiving is the earliest
like when exactly ?? 🤔
😂I will be back in cc soon lil homie
imy



i'm kidding how you know that i purposely took my bday out my bio Lmao
LMFAOOOOO IM CRYING what are you????
no lol
you a Pisces right???
i'm shook lmaoo
Na dead ass I'm a do a horoscope thread sometime soon I think I got all my signs down now y'all know I been practicing this shit lmao



... I just don't want to appear as if I'm here for my own aggrandizement either. And I do like people on here.
Do you want some advices from me?
Online, mostly. Although this has sometimes pertained in my outside life as well. =P
speak verbal or speak twitter?
Pretty sure an awful lot of people like me better when I don't actually speak to them.
Trying to be more communicative with people and I'm not sure it's working out well for me.



Yeah, like, who has Chun experience?
It would be interesting to see if he could adapt to Ryan's playstyle, but idk.
I think Cosmos has a good matchup against traditional top teams, but any sort of unconventional strategy trips him up.
It would be a good match for sure. Ryan's on a hotstreak but Cosmos slays gods for fun so it would be nuts.
I would too tbh, even though I really shouldn't because east coast.But fuck it, Ryan seems way stronger.
Definitely putting money on Ryan. 👀👀



nah man I'm sleepy
stop being a weenie lol
I'm tired
Mann burn it lol
man
I real life need a blunt lol



2-3-2. The weirdest "home field advantage"
lmao! Guess we'll see... is it 2-2-3? Or 2-3-2?
nah Chicago wins game 2 then 3 and 5 and wins it in 6 lol
I don't know.... i feel it might just be Cleveland's year lol
the Cubs will win it
NBA &amp; World Series Champions? By way of Toronto? I can't take that kind of pain.



do it baby g ! And if it isn't working out then there's always other options &amp; opportunities
lmao deadass! I just finally got my man to give me the thumbs up to even work there lol. Fuck it, I think ima go for it
I'm sayinggg 😅😅😅 but that check is crazy too I'm here doing a pro &amp; cons list about it
such a risk... like is it worth it ?
IM ON THE SAMEEEEEE BOAT
Really debating on applying to the prison. The pay is so good, and I already got my connect to get me in. But is the risk worth it ?! 😩



cheers 💕 hope to see you around sometime soon!
aw cheers
same 🌚
literally
lit...
I just smoked this cause it'll have me sleep soooo good



up yet??
tragic *your voice*
I got 4 hours, sad😕😞
morning sis
good morning Gerald 😌
Good morning and God Bless ☀️🙏🏾



If they are 15-25 halfway through you could make that argument. But one game vs. the 2nd best team in the conference? HAHAHA
I'm not even the hugest basketball fan but this stuff pisses me off its like are they that slow
Me too LMAOOOOOO
lmfao! Dude I'm seeing all types of stupid shit like that
#WARRIORS ARE GOING TO MISS THE PLAYOFFS. DURANT MESSED UP THEIR CHEMISTRY! lol #NBA #HotTake
Wake up seeing all these hot takes on the Warriors..yea it's ONE GAME



true. I thought Pop, David &amp; Duncan were enough to disregard that label. They're "boring" if u don't know 🏀, soft is crazy tho.
Europeans always accused of that...KG himself would target Euro players for being soft
I guess I've heard those opinions tossed around. Never really equated it to them being soft though, but I feel you.
"too many Europeans", not enough dog in them, blah blah been a off and on critique of the team for a while in hoop circles
all facts, but I've never heard that rhetoric in regards to the Spurs.
Players like Simmons and Leonard are tough...pushes back against the soft label the spurs have



Wedding registers baffle me. Why don't couples already have these things and why all of a sudden need them when married?
at one point i was getting them a spatula and a berry strainer, so yeah, i shouldve snagged the syrup.
Would've gone with the syrup.
it was either that or a jug of syrup. the wedding is saturday so the list was pretty slim by the time I got to it today
soon to be (former) friend, I imagine
i just bought a cheese grater off a registry for a friend's wedding. in the note section i put "i hope you have a grate time together"



how do I check to see if I have any?
did you use your call sick frees? I got you I'm at 0 I think
let me borrow some points
📞 off
if only I didn't have to work Sunday smh
my conference for my English is tomorrow instead of Halloween. I could've stayed in Vegas until Monday :(



My troll playing generally involves me grading their comments w/ solid advice on how to include more humor/intellect



I admit I play with my trolls. I can't help it.
I ignore trolls except on Halloween. Then, I give them candy. I learned they have their own issues and one of them isn't me.
The same people must moonlight as trolls on my YouTube vids. Apparently I am Jew who is working for the Illuminati. Who knew?!
Discovered the dark side of Twitter in a hashtag game filled w humor, then stuffed w antisemitism and racism. I wish for equality &amp; respect.



thank you 😊😭
it's MC1100E - Digital Tools with Dale Blasingame
I appreciate that by the way
btw I need to get that course number for you! In glad you tweeted me!
yo I got you one day on some Taco Bell, this broke my heart lol
U know how some ppl window shop online by adding items to their cart &amp; then erasing it all? I just did that... with Taco Bell. #mylifeissad



on top of it all that show is just weird lmao
no it's not but then again I'm still on season 1😅
the story is like way too confusing lol
whyy😱👀
hate that show lol
I JUST STARTED WATCHING SHAMELESS AND OMG



tell him
No... I'm shy. lol
does he know this?
the Zaddy outfit.
who?
love it and him.



lol enjoy
I'm about to roll over now...I'm tied
already got my nap scheduled out
LOL
swear you me smh
I'm off today so I'm going to take like 50 naps until Ava get home from school



WAH that sounds like fun and wow such a huge group omg how did you guys all fit in one place
I had one meet up on my birthday...and there were at least 30 ppl laughs.....
:-( hopefully w age restriction it'll be less creepy?? like wowowow that was so invasive and over the line
IT WAS SO......CREEPY and the whole time she was trying to get my attention but in a very wrong way
what the... that's so rude and creepy???
my last draw meet w/kids: this 15 year old girl looked through my iphone texts right in front of my friend....like bruh u dont do that....



be strong
yes 😔
bless your heart, they put you on a boat didn't they?
the ocean and then the Middle East somewhere and then the ocean again
dear lord, what 3rd world country are you being sent to?
Due to a pending deployment with no internet, I've been forced to start actually downloading porn to bring with me like a caveman



not at all I just think other teams can compete
nah y'all gonna just critique everything the Warriors do in the regular season like it even matters. "I told you" lmao
exactly so they shouldn't be considered a lock neither....
it isn't like you said then lol. It's just one game
still no lock
It's October R: Like I said golden state is not a lock to win it all



hahahah never thought of it like that
it tastes kind of sour, like sour milk and water combined lmao
lol not everyone likes cause there's really no flavor
:( it's sucks but I'll still drink it cause it's healthy
it's the best 😩
I definitely don't like Coconut water



Thank you so much for the advice. I truly appreciate it.
highly recommend the journaling. just the act of writing those thoughts down is such a release &amp; you'll find so much clarity💕
yeah I've been debating a lot in my mind about it. There's so much I have in my head and I just want to let it out.
it's hard but makes a big difference! I've started setting my alarm 20 mins earlier to journal a few pages in the morning 😌📝
that sounds like an awesome idea. I used to write a lot before, then life happened:(
Take some alone time each morning to meditate or write or walk, whatever it is for you, just be with yourself before you start your day.



isn't *
ya'll act like we ain't shit because our football team is the best .. but neither is yours lmao
every sport at Hemet is better then wv 😂?
your football team wins sometimes .. the only thing worth being acknowledged is your basketball,wrestling, and water polo
okay stop 😂 thats wrong
hhs‼️ur pep rally's ain't shitur student section ain't shitur sports ain't shit do u even have spirit days besides botb ? I'm curious .



someone told me that I should skip the first half of the book and just start after like chapter 11. What is your take on that lol?
please do. I'll be interesting to hear a guys perspective.
haha okay I'll check it out and let you know my thoughts on it
you need to! It's the best thing that's ever happened to me (dramatic, I know), but it is good lol
I have had this book for awhile now but have yet to read it
Everyone needs to read/listen to You Are a Badass by Jen Sincero...inspiration af! 🙌🏼



do not fall. This is A no fall zone
wonder why this bih blowing my line talking about she falling for me bihhh betta get tf up 😂💀😭
boyyyyyyyyy
I give no play bitch keep those hands there 😂👌🏽
😭😭😭😭😭
Fuck shawty till that lil pussy start to fart!!!



Yeah, I know. 😔
It's okay, babe. Just sucks when I have to go to school and do things instead of resting.
I'm sorry, babe. Wish I could do something to help.
away. 😔
Did you try taking some ibuprofen?
It fucking hurts to even lay my head down. God.



lol Ive had a few myself I've hit the block Button What do you expect more desperate guys than Guys with Meaning or Purpose smh
and dodging fuckboys and catfishes so many of them try to get in my Dms in my social media
nm just going to school and studying psychology and watching wwe of course
lol, what have you been Up to?  Me just going to Wrestling shows &amp; Playing wwe 2K17 on PS4 &amp; getting my Tweets liked/seen by TJP
lol ikr
been in my mentions lol



lol on to bigger and better things in life right😂
DUDE LOLLLLL  we gotttttt you!!!!
thank you for ur bomb filming skills😂😂
I wanna be part of this



LIDIA HAS ME STRAIGHT DEAD RIGHT NOW IVE MISSED HER SO MUCH



agreed...wonder how many that call n complain today wither dont or refuse to realize it
yes
do you think this wouldve happened anyway if it was another driver stinkin it up like kyle has recently?
yes - although most (or some) of those are stand-alones anyway
and the dash for cash races too
My take on new rule - doesn't go far enough. Cup drivers will still dominate NXS. But happy they are out for Chase races #smallvictories



true, I respect him so much. Plus I heard Kobe mentored him in the offseason
Kawhi to me is the MVP this season. He could've been 1 last yr if Curry never improved.
I'm not a Spurs fan, but Kawhi Leonard is such a beast all-around guy. KD needs to be more all-around like him in GSW.
yeah this spurs team continued from where they started last season while GSW started from scratch.
chemistry &gt; talent, I wish your team the best
to be like the 2013 Lakers after 1 game. They still have to adjust.



okay okay I was kidding dude 🙄
Spooky black - without u Listen to it
Liessssssssss
It's a song lol
she ain't shit
Wanna tell you how beautiful you are but you're nowhere to be found



that team is my biggest surprise.  I hated it when I drafted it last year,  and it ended up crushing.
so much truth imo
of course I don't have a second in the league I'm in with you,  and you're my only real competition at the top ;)
basically early 2nd round 2017 (some late 1st) valuation is what I was throwing out.
what were the offers?
Operation "Sell Low on Lacy" has been a colossal failure this morning... stay tuned for Operation "Hold Lacy and Pray" this off-season.



I don't think there's any shame in being a better orator than a conversationalist...
Do you want some advices from me?
Online, mostly. Although this has sometimes pertained in my outside life as well. =P
speak verbal or speak twitter?
Pretty sure an awful lot of people like me better when I don't actually speak to them.
Trying to be more communicative with people and I'm not sure it's working out well for me.



it's a line from a freestyle that he put into a real song that fits the beat, but is literally so bad 🙃
oooooooooooooooooh!!!!! 🌚
literally one of his worst lines, but he says before that "girl why is you lyin" but words it as "lion". Plz ignore that song lol
"girl why you mufasa"
what don't you get about childish? He's just clever word play 🤔
*Ned and I listening to Childish Gambino*Me: I don't get this, do you? Ned: not really



ima do it when I'm off 😂😂 wyd this weekend
I'm crying 😭😭😂😂😂😂.. why you ain't do your 10 toes challenge
nuh... Lol I know you, you like hard stuff and dykes ain't hard enough to satisfy you
😂😂😂😂 you kno I went gay gay
I can see that you need a piece of meat
I don't like sitting around all day 😩 need to get my butt back in school



And hey, now that we have muting and the algorithmic timeline, god knows if anyone's listening.
tbh I don't care that randos put me on lists. Listen, don't listen, twitter was arguably more fun at 400 followers anyway
I know what you mean though--I assume every Twitter list add is an implicit unfollow.
true they are out of control
I feel like my sense of "high volume" is really thrown off by the number of New York media types I follow.
Got added to a Twitter list called "high-volume" and now I'm worried that I tweet too much



or at least for the operator heh
oh for exim? fighting corruption is like 99% of writing a prod mailserver though
honestly surprised that something like LMDB isn't the default backend  these days
it's relevant but it's just "DUH?"
"surprisingly"?!?!Whomever wrote that: you're fired.
From a paper I'm reading:"Surprisingly, the scalability and performance of Exim are significantly dependent on the file system."



Do U believe this is Coup rather than election? Is HRC being installed or elected? Critical thinking &amp; logic R needed
I am open minded on this.  But I just don't see any actual evidence yet.
That will take many words, far 2 many 4 Twitter. Let's see if I can stay awake &amp; get it written. Holiday don't matter
How does sending her random holiday greetings do that?  Explain, I am curious.
3rd Question: Doesn't this indicate U R also corrupt &amp; helping ruin the Democratic Party? POTUS, Wall St Controlled.
1.  Did you use pseudonym on all emails?2.  Did you every send classified information via email using a pseudonym?



yeah i be out late night too when all the wild shit happens
i bet lol
most wild shit i ever seen happened on 55th and international
i use to be on 64th but up the street on that 1 way lol
from 74th and mac
I use to be on 54th and Gaskill with them killas



have a good one my nigga
headed to work.
wyd
hi
heyyyy pig
Blessed.



You may be right
We'll see. But I doubt it.
Yes, sad. Hopefully given time, they will feel differently
I don't know what happened either. But I just saw some people insulted her and don't wanna be Lambs anymore. That sucks !
Yes it is sad. I am still not sure what exactly happened.
I feel very sorry for the Lambs in South America. But this isn't really Mariah's fault. I trust her, I know she will go there soon.



and the whole no street lights thing in some areas. Naaaaah thanks
omg yes ....fr tho..the CLIFFS.  and the potholes feel like some kinda monster rising up from  road to bite your tires
nyc are real gs, these la ones are just a bit mad, oh know, driving in the Caribbean is a death wish with all those cliffs lol
lol.worse than a nyc cabbie? i know it is the same side of the road as the uk but driving in the caribbean is a suicide mission
Like I've def nearly died in Uber twice this week lol
I really wanna drive out here but I'm shook. This whole other side of the road thing and crazy LA drivers. Madting sadting



It's just like how the Cherokee removal went down. This country has never changed.But hey, go #Indians and #Seminoles. #fdup
That cultural misappropriation is deplorable. The situation in ND is even worse, may contaminate stuff for generations!
well, I'm not talking baseball. I'm talking real Indians in North Dakota.People as mascots = bad
Naturally, I should like Chicago. However, I just can't stand the despicable Cubs owners.
I hope the #Indians win today in #StandingRock #NoDAPL :)
If the Indians win, I may actually have to do a pub crawl in Cleveland!



I'm all about a quick response.  I'd be curious to see how a ticket system would function in this regard.
I just like the idea of a team being involved for quick response rather than needing to funnel from social.
With a busy enough channel, you'd better like that popping notification noise!
I love it for co-worker communication. Always wondered what a support channel might look like.
I use it primarily to communicate with co-workers.  Never thought of it as a CS solution.  Interesting idea.
Curious what everyone thinks about Slack? I've always thought it could be a neat place for ongoing customer service. #fatbitchat



same 😂 instantly thought of that when you said you couldn't feel your arms lmao
that will forever be one of my favorite memories from high school 😂
almost as bad as not having arms hahah
I wish this wasn't so true haha
someone call 9-1-1 this man can't feel his arms hahahah
Can't. Feel. My. Arms. 😅



i hope rei daki wont be real
i hope reis dakimakura is him lying peacefully in his coffin
what r u sorry for im scared
im sorry nhi
ehat
sorry reiP



true true. And I know. I remember. :3
not exactly a "one step at a time" thing. I'm not talking about the con.
one step at a time :3 that's all ya gotta take. It's gonna be worth it.
hopefully
you'll be fine ❤️
Tomorrow is a huge day.. I'm not ready x.x;



today's policy is not working when it comes to counter-terror because US is backing Islamic extremists! What do u expect?
#pts: If you see [counter-]terrorism as the principle U.S. security interest in #Syria, today’s policy is comprehensively *not* working.
#pt: If you critique w/o advocating some form of evolved #Syria policy, you by default support the status quo, which has resolutely failed.
Saw some further critiques of an enhanced U.S. assertive role in #Syria in past 36hrs.But still no alternative policy plans.I’m waiting.
#pt: Critique all you want, but pushing the current track is illogical &amp; offering nothing but critique is academically immature.#Syria
Still waiting for 1 person - just 1! - to present an alternative policy on #Syria to status quo, which clearly isn't working.I'm waiting.



u love me bitch
I hate you fagget
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
fuck you dick
don't study like me
I actually studied and tried on the math test today and I still failed 😤😤



the english dub
agreed.  They couldve waited a little longer, but then again, players would rather hav it soon then wait half or a whole year for
so they may not have had time to do proper ADR.
Been seeing that on footage that's out there. I have a feeling lines were recorded when the game was still being developed,
the editors or whoever is in charge of ADR, piecing the voices together.  Had to bring it up though cuz its somewhat bothersome
Strangely, i noticed that the voices and "mouthing" in #DragonBallXenoverse2 is out of sync.  Very odd, to a point where all blame is on....



i mean if you want just dm me
if u need to talk I'm not doing anything rn 😪
i'm never ok :-)
u ok man 🙄
like everyone likes me because of it and think i'm really nice and everything but in reality i'm like the most miserable person ever
it's so early to be ranting but everyone thinks i'm the happiest person in the world because of the way i act and how i'm always happy



Hmmm interesting upgrade! However, silver still rocks on those MacBooks.
oh! That's too bad. I think they will release the new ones with colors, like they did with 2015 MacBooks.
No I mean I got the 2015 edition. I didn't know they'll release new laptops😡
You did!!  I checked their website Mafe info about it🤔
Just got my custom made one 2 months ago😡😡😡
I desperately need a new MackBook Pro! Waiting for the #appleevent !!😅



on the bus
wya
🙁
damn im just seeing this im sorry babe
take me too
Mommy's taking me😊



no problem! 🔆
Thank you baby girl
appreciate that shorty, you too. ✅
You're beautiful ma !
wassup shorty. 🤗
avi 😍😍 hey boo



they all posses an evil
whatchu mean
don't forget about the hidden hitler switch that stays lowkey until they get mad at you
the homeland
🇩🇪
Something about blonde hair and blue eyes that just catches your attention.



lmao "Jeff something something also is proposing the free in n out plan" "because we need to feed our Daniels "
"what are his policies on legalization of weed...hmmm...oh legal, okay" *votes for Jeff something something
"cool what are his like policies : track record? " - me "I don't really remember " - bingo



was that Daniel? ...
"I voted for the Libertariain, Jeff something something" 😂😂👌



agree though Houston would probably be better than south side
it would be! Yeah I hate GA shows! Never been to houston but I know I will fell safer there than southside
that would be amazing!!!
I really want to shoot both Dallas and Houston dates!
then people started selling $40 tickets for over a $100 and I can not afford that!
Love seeing everybody's photos of the 1975!!! Really hoping to photograph them again in November!!! 📸😁



okay boo, I cannot wait. 😊😘😘😘😚 I'll try not too 😬😜🙃💛😌
I'll let you know when I'm available and we'll see what we can do ☺️☺️😘😘 remember try not to have to much fun at school 😉😜😉😜
I wouldn't miss it for the world 😌
well girly one of these days I'll have to come down and we'll have a YoCrazy date!!!
I miss you so much. You have no idea how much I love you. 😀😀
PANDA!!! I miss your face!!! Hope everything is going well at Snow!!! Remember you are beautiful!!!



YOURE LITERALLY THE WORST YOU BINCH
yeah it doesn't work like that. I'm barely gonna have free time and if I do I'll probably be too exhausted
and shopping at 2 AM, getting Korean food and sprinkles cupcakes with me
lol I'd be going to work
K I might go with you
Honest to god if this placement lets me go to New York City all expenses paid I'm ready to start going to church again.



not all males are the same 🙄
they never do.🙃
he don't understand 😂
noooooo i can't.... 😂 i always pray i have like five tables to serve when he's here so i don't have to talk to him.🙄
😂I'm weak
he looks at me like a stray puppy and i'm just like dude..... you have a kid.... and live with the mom......😂😂😂



ahaha, wow. don't even remember calling you 😅
your eyes were literally folded on sc and when I was at the drs office u wouldn't stop calling me and you kept telling me that
i did a lot of shit i didn't know i did til i woke up today 😂
u kept saying the same shit over and over 😂
hm, don't be fucking rude! 😂
Chandra drunk gets on my nerves man 😅



I'm thinking 1:30
When u go on it?
😓, I gotta make a 30 min break stretch
Nope
please tell me they got a gar at the crib
Lol @ how many hoes "owe me that pussy"



it's in my safe so that nothing bad ever happens to it :)
are you taking care of the lookin like a chump book and things we gave you tho?? question I have is how did they ended up haha
thank you Alizee :) I love that photo from the show in France. Made me so happy
don't even say thank you Alec, I really mean it. I don't tweet about it but I always wish you the best everytime I can.
thank you Alizee :)
to get the success he deserves with his music and to go as far as possible. that's my wish.



uhhhhh ROLL TIDE PAWWWWLLLL
you already know!!
gonna be back in BR for Bama game huh?!
had to do it
the pumpkin is back!!!!!
me and coop drinking miller high lifes playing madden ultimate team on his birthday. fucking bros.



I'm living in Hayward, but I work in Alameda so I'm not too far from there
aww you'll like Berkeley it's really chill it's a lot of shops there
Smh that doesn't help me lol I'm from Jersey, idk where anything is
😩😩 I don't even remember lol i just know it's off shattuck in the cuts
What's the name of it? I'll check tomorrow or Thursday
I wonder is my favorite deli shop still open in Berkeley



Fair enough that makes sense. I guess this is just the 1st time I’ve seen an app like that actually solve a problem :/
I would never install an app for something this stupid ... but my options were really small text or blurry text on scaled.
Interesting. I’ve had so many issues with those apps before that I’ve given them all up
I even installed the newest version that they just pushed out ... and it didn't fix so I got the app which brought it back.
I’m confused on this one. Why not just change the setting? Seems like it would take less time than an app
If you update macOS to Sierra and your external monitor resolutions get completely messed up, just pay $16 for SwitchResX app. #timeismoney



sweet! You'll have a great time!! Moe is one of my favs.
- but not Saturday. #Phish #DiscoBiscuits are more my bag.
is doing 2 nights! I'd be there if I lived closer



me either. 😢 but I'm doing the 2 night St. Louis umphreys Halloween instead. 😁😁😁
Finally coming to terms with reality: I am not going to Vegas for #phish 😭😰



tell Dean too apply too lol I work there - it's dumb easy!
yeah it seems easy lol and that's why I applied
bet - I'm 99% sure you'll get hired too lol it's easy money too $12.25 too start off - after 3 months $13.50
I did the other day. Just waiting for an email or a call or something.
apply to Amazon lol
Dunkin needs to stop hoein me and let me start working already.



Like I said, my phone number hasn't changed. It's a drag but a part of life.
&amp; it's kinda funny bc everyone is always on their phone. It makes it worst when u realize they're just straight ignoring u.
Just because nobody picks up the phone.
the sad reality of it is it happens way to often then it should.
All the time...
Do you ever get the feeling that somebody just no longer wants to be friends with you.. So you end up slowly drifting away..



Yes, no need. Already nuts.
Let's not go nuts, here. I was considering it for a while.
Therefore my Q about hours wasted deserves a retweet. Maybe even pin that shit. A journalist gives credit where credit is due.
angel on my shoulder!
I can't help but feel warmth inside, like I nudged you to do it.
Had to block Clippy. Just couldn't do it any more.



u knw someone who did that lol
fuck yeah, why do you need to take the spotlight off the people getting married, that day isn't about you
u would be mad ? Lol
if someone gets proposed to during my wedding
I don't get it
If I ever get married and someone decides to propose to their significant other during said wedding, ooooooh, hold me back.



why u up?
just lmk bruh 😈💸
I gotchu bra..I told u Ima link with the whole gang🤘🏾
I respect it. Lmk though
shit I can't even..making money😈






u r smol &amp; evil. She asked for pasta and got mouth full of screwdriver.
hey im just serving the ppl their foods!! im not a murderer! just a lil lady doin her job 😤
u murdered someone with pasta. I'm calling the authorities.
yeah it went a lil something like that... except she was cool with it, ate the screw driver😎 then choked and died
"um excuse me miss, there happens to be a screwdriver in my noodles and I'm not too happy about it"
HAHA i just remembered that i served a plate of pasta that had a screw driver in it ????¿¿? that was frikin random



dude we need to hangout when I'm in town. I'll probably be in town Veterans Day weekend
that u do Compa...that u do ✊🏼
that's cause I always got my friends back and pick them up when they need it
u lift me when I'm down
I say I lift 20lbs
I "bodybuild" BUT it seems the term "bodybuilding" is waaayyyy overused now. So I never say it.



yah I like it but I'm a bit of a sappy dude
maybe your right I should give it a few more episodes it felt too cliché
you have to give it a couple episodes it'll grab your heart strings
yeah it was so funny I tried watching the other show it was interesting
what a great episode
Holy fuddruckers 😂😂😂 #AmericanHousewife #OD



sike, I already have my 4 page reflection on the second wave of feminism due Thursday
okay well it's due tomorrow so you better get to it 😂😂😂
I'm in women and gender studies
are you really though??
down
Someone want to write this essay for me 🙃 any of you rad dope feminists??



and they were like how do u know my name 😂😂😂
omg tf raylph got all their names from the yearbook and was like using their names Bruh
I liked the lunch shifts better, you could be mean and not get in trouble 😂
me and raylph took that shit hella seriously with our like 7am shifts smh
lmao omg I remember that 😂😂
Just remembered I was in safety patrol in 4th grade brb I'm about to put that on my resume



Yep. I think he is the best president since the Civil War not named Roosevelt. Because economics exist.
No, because you believe, however incorrectly, that you think for yourself. I'll bet you even think Obama is a great president.
Yep. Because I don't get my info from chain emails or talk radio.
Conservative Libertarian. And you must be a Hillary fan.
"Conservatarian" must mean that you only consume information that comes through chain emails or talk radio.
, you think Hillary is wonderful. She isn't. But how could you know that? You don't live our lives or know her crimes.



yes sir, especially at my most lit wedding in the world.
you got it! Remember you'll need a personal chef.
dope, write a deep story about me and my teams come up to success.
of course.
you write ?
I wanna write a new story.



yea Ima go to Walgreens because I can't look like this all day...and these jeans feel like baby stockings 😤
well you better run to CVS and get some replacement ones
😂😂😂
girl ain't no patching this run....this jawn is WIDE
get some clear nail polish and patch it up
Committing a sin rn walking around with a run in my stockings 😭



I know, I just couldn't help myself.
April 1st is the start of the fiscal year.
world's worst april fool's joke...
The new wholly owned subsidiary, Sony Imaging Products &amp; Solutions Inc, will aim to commence its operations on April 1, 2017
All functions currently held within the Imaging Products &amp; Solutions Sector within Sony, will be transferred to the new company.
Sony will establish Sony Imaging Products &amp; Solutions Inc., a subsidiary that will be responsible for its imaging products &amp; solutions.



I have not watched it yet! Sounds delightful.
Have I made you watch Nathan Barley? It's required brutal comedy viewing.
He'll never call me out more savagely than Dan Ashcroft.
Somewhere, Charlie Brooker smugly taps his fingers together, chuckling malevolently.
Oh god, what if no one likes this tweet? WHAT WILL I BE THEN?
The most unrealistic thing about the episode Nosedive is that it's public rankings and not ingroup. Otherwise it's pretty spot on.



wow,Have a great time!!
thanks and it continues every day we voted by mail then I'm off to pa to gotv in a few days
So sorry for your experience! This whole Trump Sexual Assault has really gotten me down
Robin I was sexually assaulted when I was 14 have never spoken of it till this moment it's all come back the humiliation the shame
I feel violated by trump every time I have to hear him deny he even knew his accusers-its been extremely emtional
I am so f img  sick of this ignorant treasonous dangerous bigoted sexist monster #Trump breaking every rule of civil society and governance



💀 wanna be Future so bad. Wanna be in Gucci flip flops and paying child support SO BAD 😒
smh. niggas get in their feelings over people who don't know who the everloving fuck they are.
and be mad at Russ...for being a step dad..and that's what he's suppose to do 👀🙄😒
LOL right? people slay me sometimes 😒
but suppose to stay with a dude that got 30 umf kids and cheats on his fiancée while she's pregnant ? 🤔
your WCW thinks ciara's a ho for having a baby with her husband.



yeah on Monday! He's gonna be at the Portage Theater.
omg when &amp; where?!! Didn't even know he was gonna be here!
hahaha. You going to Uzi next week?
it was a stupid wind storm when I left my cozy 75 degree home, winter enough for me!!
girl it's cold but not winter cold.
So all of a sudden it's fucking winter today?? Okay. Fine.



I am unfamiliar with the word "porn" so I will have to let my lawyers deal with you. But yes.
, in the way that other kinds of -porn might also be considered porn?
The saddest thing would be if my books do not make the NYT bestsellers list. Second saddest thing is a dead kid
?
I based the Walk to Remember on a different walk that was equally memorable. I was with a dame. She probably was wearing a sweater.
. Ask me anything about A Walk to Remember.



ight
hmu after
1-5
u workin
you on some shit patch
My legs are so sore it looks like I jus fucked up the ass the way I walk.. lookin like a penguin n shit 🐧



thank you for letting me know it was on. See ya.
well ... the LITTLE 'big screen' anyway. Ha! .... see ya for brunch in a few hours. G'nite.
now I'm on the big screen. Haha
Yeah, it looked terrific on my flat screen TV -- even better than on the little tablet.  How fun!
cool. I haven't seen it on tv yet.  👏
. Hey Celebrity, I just saw your political ad on CH 5! It looked really good. Nicely done!



you were kickin it with me tn you can't say sheit 😴
I mean 😁
but I'm still not borin 💁🏽😴
u jus mad cause you aren't foreign 👀
ur a fag 😴😴
If she ain't foreign then she boring



definitely not fair
literally every time I wanna leave early, I came in early today so I can leave early and now it turns out I probably can't 😠
sounds like bullshit to me
Except this time is just two fucking hours and I can't even have that 😤 so typical
So this is relevant again. Someone get me out of this shithole please.
I literally do people favours and cover so many shifts at work and as soon as I want just 2 fucking days swapped it all falls through.



u too baby🌹
Good. Woke up with a headache but hopefully that goes away soon. Have a great day ♥😊
good morning gorgeous how are u today babe?🌹
Good hun😊Of course after saying that it was quiet chaos happened lol hope all is good with you⬇
good morning pretty girl how are u today girlie☕️☕️?
Its a quiet day which is a good thing.



also accurate
@ D has rabies
@ C wants to have your babies
@ B wants to slide in dem DMs but is too scared
@ A wants to fuck you
I'm making an alphabet thread. Don't make me flop hoes!! (Quotes please)



maybe even three seats for Blaine
I definitely have a bed next to us but I'll have to look for two seats by each other! There wasn't any extra by my fam lol
make sure I have a bed and seat saved next to you!
😍👌🏽im leaving today once I get off work
tomorrow
what day are you coming to Effie??



Yesterday actually
lol just found out?🤔
Phew!
you beat the Vikings 😳!!
What happened?
congrats to the eagles 😁😅



I should of been out there. I need some excitement lol
so I got up and had 5 people holding me back ( cause I'm black) and I knocked one nigga out who tried to swing on me again 😂😂
you got jumped by some dudes wearing vineyard vine? Lol
niggas tried to jump me 😂
it's lit!!!!!!!
Just knocked my first racist Athens frat boy out. 😂😂😂😂😂 how y'all gone try to jump me cause your girl asked to come home with me?🤔🙄😂



lmfaoooo I feel you 😹 but thats why I usuallh buy coffee in the am to stay awake on the ride but when my day is over im slumpedd af
that's the one place I hate sleeping on ! I feel like I might open my mouth and end up on someone's snapchat
the only place I really be falling asleep is on the train lmaoo
I literally fall asleep anywhere lol
I wish I can do that :(
I nap like 5x a day



Ws got MOLLYWHOPPED by the Spurs tonight -- I'm telling you picking up KD was the kiss of death. They won't even win the West Bud
I'm the tall white center Trill Perdue :)
Trill Jackson head coach lol
Trilt Chamberlin
I'm Trillary Rodham
Fuck the politics I'm Trill Clinton!!



I love the neighborhood but the location is subpar and that hill ruins my recovery.
I don't regret moving away from that hill
yeah I live off central just north of highland.
in somerville I used to live in that hill
it takes all the energy I've got to get up central street every evening.
Let's talk about commuter fitness. How do these people go 25mph on an old steel bike with a backpack. Is this there only excerise



haha ya im weird i know
that was like 3 different replies in one
ya maybe i guess
game bores me dog, they need something new. Something to freshen it up a bit :/
lets play cs
Anyone on H1?



I use tor
use signal, use Signal.
use tor
nah, and so poorly.
use signal
Social signalling, not meant for use



yea, they need paramedics bad. They just got a huge contract with a massive hospital system.
They're either desperate or were really impressed. Could be a little of both with an offer that quick
..if I could be at orientation Saturday morning lol. I'm like whoa, that was quick. I'm still trying to learn about the company.
You pull up to an auto accident with an unconscious patient but the car is on fire... what would you do? I answered and they asked...
So they call me while I'm at the grocery store. They asked "How long have you been a paramedic?" A: 9 years. Then they asked..
Just had the weirdest interview ever. It's for a interfacilty paramedic position as a side job. Heard this company was paying more...



good looking. I was just messing around on that lol
ight ngh come on now.....that good for me track is dope tho
lol I haven't dropped anything serious in a couple years. But I'm fr thinking about dropping something from the album
i never see you drop no shit lol
I'm actually serious about this
Should I drop a single from the album this week? 🤔



that's true 😂 I definitely don't look Asian or Hispanic though
well white is a very broad and ambiguous word haha
😐 I think I just look white
really? You look Asian to me
but I'm actually just Irish and Hungarian 😐
Everyone at the bar thinks I'm Hispanic



sleep in? My girl gone think I'm dead cuz I'm not waking up at all 💀😭😭😭
you gone sleep in tomorrow huh?
man I been up since 5am but I'm off tomorrow 🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾
mad you gotta get up huh?
wow
Mom : don't you wanna stay home with me today ?Me : say nomo



yikes
hmmm. Doesn't mean anyone else cares about my well being
it should..... Or you shouldn't have a boyfriend 😬
having a "boyfriend" doesn't mean people give a shit?
you have a boyfriend
Waiting for someone to give a shit about me



just wanted to see what you was gone say
that's not till next month
damn G I hope you coming to get me
lol I can't I'm driving 😂
go to sleep
Anthony Hamilton the truth.



😂😂 never heard that lol I've heard it be used like "a brick ago"
yes ma’am
I'm not lmao but is that supposed to mean cold? 🤔
don’t judge me Linda 😭
I've never heard anyone use brick like that 😂
It’s brick outside



post your outfit
Sorry, back to shitty puns and baseball tweets
the population should have literally nothing and should just die or go bankrupt or some shit if they get sick.
yeah, it sucks that some peoples' premiums are increasing, but it's hard to pretend to be upset about that when you think large chunks of...
"Man, this is really fucked up. I liked the old way better, when the free market allowed for premiums to increase *and* more people died."
love how Obamacare opponents now feign concern that a fraction of 1% of people will see their premiums increase when the old plan was "die"



wtf dick comment did you make &amp; delete it
bitch I know you're not lol I got you babe #gshit
bitchhhh put me on I'm not even joking slightly
gotchu girl that picture you posted was fyieeeeeeeee
ummmmm hi hello. Tell them bout your big sis hayyyyy
In a few months, I'll be signed w the same modeling agency as Angelina Jolie, auditioning for acting roles &amp; going to law school in Cali😭



hmmm, cupcakes - have an outstanding day!



do not buy into the conventions about MPB - it is just a bromide for those who are incapable of pulling it off.



no greater fact based truth has ever been revealed on Twitter.
Tomato sauce makes spaghetti taste really good.



I would like that
do we need to save money to see the Lebron stopper too?
it's not all about stats. It's the intangibles
but does he average a triple double for the season???
but the LeBron stopper ate too
Lebron triple double to start the season off. Didn't expect anything less from the GOAT



We will order you a Pie Pizza...
gonna try! Depends on what games I cover Friday night
You coming up Friday night to the Gameday Tailgate? We'll be there all night long.
touché
I have season tickets...
How to be romantic in 4 words: I ordered you pizza



HMU my guy 📍💨
YES bro😭😂 connect w me soon.
lmfao a fuckinn lappppp 😂😂😂💀💀
was here we would take a MF lap 😭😭
in my xanax dreams
Bruh where have you been



Happy to make the day a little brighter 😜
Just literally LOL'ed in conference hall. 100% accurate.
Pharma needs therapy, for sure. I envision Pharma as Mr. Cleaver. You know he loves you, but he's too distant to tell you.
LOL - are you saying we all need therapy? (Not untrue in my experience)
"emotional connections" assumes Pharma getting in touch with and being comfortable with their own, real emotions.
#DigPharm



I guess we just dont meejure up. 😂🍆💖
not even mathurbation? Really? It's right there. You Pac-NW people are so god damn coarse! ;)
masturbation. That's what my mum told me...
There must be a term for this besides rabbit holing? Abstraction spelunking? I need a better term to keep me awake.
Making ap do what I want...[err] found   : Unit[err] required: cats.Monoid[_]Now would cats like this as an addition (Monoid[Unit])?
I have written far too many Foo[_]s and Bar[_, Baz]s for a lifetime today. If only my dreams compiled! :( :( :(



Well sir! That's fucking crazy get some sleep lol
meh I just got off a 15 hour shift and go back in at 8:30 tomorrow morning
Fuck sleep :) Let's goooooooo
just got into bed lol
Let's play cs brother
welp cs?



with a dude
and has 100% cheated on her.
fake, phony, vindictive, manipulative, etc. I can go on forever.
Thank god,everyone seems to think he's some kind of saint. He's so judgemental and passive aggressive&amp;his mum isn't much better!
he's an asshole. Lazy. God I loathe him.
Am I really the only one who thinks that Tyler from #teenmomog has turned into a giant ass hat? #teenmom



Sunday nights usually... Monday nights usually too.
when are you guys free!?
in on this
yes please!!!!
✋
I need lady friends around here that'll do lame movie and wine nights.



tell you dog to @ the shawty then
dude, my dog took my phone. I wasn't even the one playing!
NAH NAH pay up buddy 😂
I was talking bout checkers..
well i won so @ her
fyi,  she's not even my shawty. She's my I wish I could talk to her shawty. 👀



where did you find it ?
I know like all it had was his name on some homework
damn ...😞
No idk
you know what school he goes to ? Take it to the office in the morning 👌🏻🤔
Any body know a Demetrius Ray Allen? I have his school backpack that contained his shoes.



shit, you old, don't have a quarter life crisis, k!
25
still! enjoy it, how old now? 22?
I'm drunk
you still got 10 minutes!
It's been a good one



thx bro, you better call up!!!
Congrats and good luck on show. Can't be a consistent caller but always listening
😂😂😂, it's too early!!!! #LeBronHateStartsInMayJune
Lebron does have more rings and MVPS than 99% NBA combined so I'll take that🐐
😂😂😂, it's a marathon not a sprint!! The Heatles got off to a slow start in their first year too!! I know you remember, 9-8!
0-1 and lost by 29....oh ard



that cold air gone keep my ass up 😂
I love coffee 😂 well drink some tea then lol
lmao I don't drink that 😂 shit nasty to me
coffee will do the job 💀
take my brother to work. That drive bout to put me through a test 😂
you a good one.. What you gotta do at 5 ?



I learned to be basic from the best. (you)
so be it. The people needed to know even if I had to be basic to show them.
ur basic for tweeting me the same thing u just texted me 🤔🤔
basic
no1 cares
Joey Bada$$ - Devastated Just heard it. New favorite song.



always
💯
keep doing what you doing and don't worry bout anything else
I guess so bruh but my nice ass be tryna give mf the benefit of the doubt cause they will say she always think a mf hating
they just hating that's why
Ion know why MF don't like me I'm cool AF🙄



You do   🙂  because you came through a dark tunnel and your here, smiling.
oh my she is. And thank goodness 😍I hope I have even a bit of her strength &amp; perseverance. 😊
So glad she's home. She'll do so much better now. And you'll feel better, rest better. She sounds like a strong lady.
yes very good she came home. Between my sis &amp; me, and nurse visits with rehab. Came home Saturday. Ty 4 asking. Good to 👂 from u
Good morning Denise. ✨💫We are both doing well. 🎉Sheldon has napping 💤to do and I have errands to run🏃🏼‍♀️All is good with your mom?
good morning🌞 to you and Sheldon. Hope you both are well💞happy Wednesday💕



I gotchu 😼
eat 4 me too
I'm just gonna go find something since I need to go out anyway
im just gonna starve until morning
I'm hungry too
now im hungry since i stayed up fml



I do love you. But not your pants. 😎
Today I am. It is chilly out. I like pants. I hope you love me, anyway.
so did you wear pants?
I knew you would say that. Interestingly, the neurologists office requires shirt and shoes, but says nothing about pants.
#fuckpants
I went to buy coffee without remembering to brush my hair. I did remember pants, so I win there, right?



no You 😂
😂😂😂 WE disappeared
you disappeared out the blue so i forgot 😂 i tried tho
you spelt my name so wrong 😂🙄
😱 jamaurial? thanks ☺️☺️.
happy birthday Nick 🎉 enjoy 😘😘😘



No, that was an awful choice of outfits...
unfortunately i can't excuse the choice of clothing
one is his wife who was a former WWE wrestler .other one I think is ultimate warriors widow
And both girls with him looked like barbie dolls from WWE too idk so many unanswered questioms
I'd assume not but the undertaker was chillin at the cavs game like if someone asked he'd be ready to fight at any given moment
I have a question about WWE wrestlers, do they dress up in their wwe costumes when they go out?



👍🏽. BTW u do a great job on The Thompson &amp; Trudell Show.
...Heel be fine...Just ONE game
ok. Tell Klay keep his head up.
...Just an off night...They'll have 6 or 7 of these
what happened? I feel 4 Klay.
UGH!!!



arm bands…  ;-)
can help you out
if I were to try swimming it, it may take me longer than that…
if you swim, it does
it takes A WEEK to get from Oz to NZ ???
Hey #OpenStackSummit attendees. 12 months time the summit is in Australia. Y'all should take an extra week and visit New Zealand...



Wow my heart 😍
if im not broke neither are you boo 😘
But I'm broke 😩😩😩
i promise you
Fuck that sounds flame af
Will someone please take me to red robin i need a big fat burger in my life



y'all sorry not worried about it
49-2-42 still leading the series little boy
$20 and I want mine in penny's so I can throw every last one at you and laugh at you when we beat y'all, again.
bet 🖕🏻
put money on it gay boy
Del Rio will take a bigger Loss than all the ones his dad took on that field this Saturday ⚫️🔴#GoDawgs #BeatUF



why you lyin on twitter for
u didn't say that when .... nvrmnd
you're the worst lmao
Say things don't cross your mind and make you forget 'bout the past????
you don't
Say I don't make you smile, say I don't make you laugh?



Ohhhhhh interesting.
nope.
lol a fan?
nah, but i'm aware of 2 players who can't stand a certain someone, and one almost wanted to fight that person at one point.
Did this happen last year?
Welp at least Eric Robinson won't need to file a restraining order this year



Literally.. 👀👀👻
#phantomtweet
I literally tweeted u back in the middle of the night and I don't remember doing it lol
Ok ok ok I am !!!!!
go tew bed
everyone always leaves and reminds me that they didn't think I was enough



Only games I play are sports and GTA lol
I want to get madden not really into the NBA games
What bout NBA or madden?
Nah I gotta be honest since 13 I've really lost interest in the WWE games "/
Got 2K?
Thank you Bill Gates for the creation of the Xbox. You helped me find the love of my life. I am eternally grateful 💟 #ThisMorning



Well, witbier is different. But it's hard to make at home.
Hmmm, true. But there should also be a wheat beer/witbier made by fopsen.
Foxes make ales. You can tell because "ale" and "fox" have the same number of letters.
Oooh! I totally should. I'll call it "fops lager premium" owo
You should visit me. I'll teach you how to make your own beer. •nods•
Today I'm following a free beer tapping class offered by university. C:



who hurt you?
the first sister! Sarah Hereditary
add another name: Scott Scalpel
add another name: Whitehouse Giftcard
add a name to the list of brothers: Scooter Woodshed
Imagine if your brothers' names were something regal like Stuart Trackington and Richard Brackinson But your name was Michael Ringtone



oh haha you didn't specify 😂😂😂
I think my junior year of highschool 😂
when was this I'm so confused 😂😭
it was ridiculous 😂 and I drove with my foot hanging out the window all fucked up
wtf
Lol my best friend at the time got cheated on, we wrote on the guys truck..He started chasing us, I tripped and broke my ankle😂 #justmyluck



damnnnnnnnn😜
blockt!!!
that's the worst argument I've ever heard.
tomatoes on sandwiches are shitty. Tomatoes on/in other stuff is fine.
but you don't like tomatoes....that's worse.....
If you like mayo, please unfollow and then block me, you nasty idiot.



but our laws were not to be made to cater to one religion over another. You read it, sweetie. Most of our FF were atheists. Fact.
this country was founded on Christian values, sweetie. Read your history
I live in a country founded on the freedom from religion. Put down the Bible &amp; pick up the Constitution 🙏🏻
I read the Bible, do you?
I've read your tweets. Put down Fox News and pick up a book and then we can chat.
democrats are lying and corrupt people. The race baiting is getting old, Is that the best you can do? Lol!



what did you watch 👀
that's good . Good trying to get myself situated so I can try to watch scary movies with hunter lol
horror movies with bae so it's been good! Yours
hi how has your night been ?😊
hi friend 😊
👋🏽hey



however, this is why it's wise to perhaps not have THIS amount of dirt in your past if you're going to run for president
that too. There are better ways to handle the media than attacking them. I'd give him more credit if he owned his own messes
I wouldn’t say that. But it’s reckless to foment insurrection against the media as an ad hominem.
95% of the media is against him because 95% of the people who cover him and his campaign every day are disgusted-which seems natural
When all else fails, blame the media.
I am so sick of the daily whining and bitching coming from the Trump campaign about the media. They're losing because America rejects him.



last time I recall , I didn't pose with my shit 🤔🤔
2 can play that game
that's you foooo all you do is shit all day 🙄😂😂
you're so disgusting I swear
stop lying !!!
just said he wants to poop on the floor wtf 😂



wtf it's 7 a.m. you fucking psycho
I can't wait to beat your ass to a bloody pulp, Zesser😈
step the fuck up I will wreck you poser
hah! I've been training my ya boi's just for you bro and I WANT MY BELT BACK
it doesn't count unless you do it in front of the current champion. Myself.
42 second ya boi. No warm ups. 2 prior breaths💯💯💯



liar lol they're missing lol
dude I'm totally kidding I didn't take them lmfao
O MY GOD YOU KNOW HOW LONG I WAS LOOKING FOR THEM!?!?!
i did accidentally take the keys 🙄
the ghost from the library followed your ass.
Ummmmmmmmmm no one else is in my room and two of my books fell off the book shelve 😳



Sounds like loads of fun, I kinda miss working in education, kinda don't
we'll see what my sixth grade decides to do with themselves!  Ah well, done. by 2:30, then home to write two papers!
Ah I see, good morning btw. Hope your day turns out well 🙂
well, it's ok as long as you made your train.
Is that a good feeling?
That "I just ran down two blocks and up three flights of stairs before 7 am" oh so fresh commuter feeling!



no! Boat at Folly is fine!! We lost a fishing boat at Hilton Head!
Awww Cathie.. I hate that.Did you lose the new boat?
I'm so sorry, but I am glad you have generator now!! We lost a dock and a boat in the hurricane! Downed trees, but no damage to hous
I did have a significant amount of damage. Still out of electricity..I was loaned a generator this past weekend. Blessing!
did you have a lot of damage?
Last night was first night back to work since the hurricane.I'm feeling it. #nurselife



you'll say anything
I'm your aunt
💀 stop calling me nephew
I'm grown nephew
it's way past ya bedtime
Bored... sleepy... can't sleep...



I got you 😂
u still owe me a bag of hot Cheetos🙄
English class was lit 😂
miss seeing ur annoying ass🙄😊
thank you Lacey! ☺️
Happy bday! 🎈🎊



omg 😂 you didn't get it ?
2️⃣1️⃣4️⃣
3️⃣0️⃣4️⃣
🆗
🆒
🆙



land*
oh haha I was just so ready to plan the minute we took off. I felt so sick smh.
didn't even drink. It was such a short flight ke they didn't even bother haha. I was just wondering though.
hahah. Glad you made it home safe. Did you enjoy the free drinks? Sorry I texted late
like the lady in Vegas. The one stressing out lol. I just made it home. Thank you again Boobs.
Can't stand when a gate agent clears one by one instead of going through the whole list till planes completely full.



You sure do each day. Thank you for your insights!
Doing my part as much as can-we must prevail
Can win Senate, Beverly. Take 25 seats in House. We can prevail! Must get out Dem vote. Can't have tarnished Presidency-vulgar man
You nailed it Catherine and many of us have not forgotten,dont have selective memory,know cant fix what don't own-hope we prevail
All contrived by Koch Bros. Backed Tea Party, did gerrymandering won state legislatures, Governors, etc. won House obstructed PBO!
#msnbc #morningjoe 2010 teaparty came to blow governance up and they did #Trump #Bannon coming to blow country up #Vote #HRC=CRITICAL



gotcha. I thought you were trying to tell me iys something u wouldn't be interested in. Lol
That was the name of the game. It's available for free online if you google it. The vod is still on my channel.
its cool. I was just curious if it was available on twitch in the future
Don't take it personally babe, it just ain't your story.
what game?
for the raids, and everyone who stopped by! Y'all rock! ^.~



Did you get to the mid finale! I mean it gets pretty gory.
me too! Except for the stupid fake out bullshit they tried to pull every season lmao
Ugh I'm going to miss this show
not yet, but I follow Ashley and Shay on snap and Ash filmed them hugging and crying cause they're all done filming tmrw! 😭
omg is it back on?
Troian saying goodbye to Keegan on his last day of filming is just too much. So cute!! #Spoby #PLL 💖😭



I'm already knowing trust me
LAME NIGGA ! PROMISE YOU
😂😂😂😂😂 I'm weak, that's a lame for ya!
I ALREADY KNOW WHO YOU TALKING BOUT HE A PUSSY TRYNA BE MY FRIEND AFTER I FINESSED HIS HOE ASS, SCARY ASS NIGGA
lmaoooo I can definitely name... Nvm
IF I EVER FINESSED YOU AND YOU NEVER DID SHIT ABOUT IT THEN YOU A COMPLETE BITCH I PROMISE YOU



That is why we should do whatever we want, because no matter how it turns out they'll have a problem with it.
Didn't Ciara "think like a man and act like a lady?" Isn't that what y'all say women should do to get the prize of a generous husband?
Isn't that what those relationship books by oft-divorced men tell women, if they want to find a good man?
Ciara did everything right. After leaving a bad r'ship, she adjusted how she approached the next. She learned, grew, benefitted.
Future is implicated in breaking up someone's 19-year marriage and he gets props and jokes???
Ciara left a toxic r'ship, found a new love who makes her glow, married him, now she's pregnant and she's a ho???



yeah I liked it but too little too late to me. I am intrigued by Fi thigh too if that could ever work with iOS.
feeling you for sure. I tried iOS once but it just didn't feel right.
4 androids and problems. 4 iPhones now and no problems. Plus I haven't had to use a headphone jack since getting the 7 ;)
you might give them another look. It still has a headphone jack at least!
if google did that concept years ago when nexus began I'd likely still an an android user.
In the few hours I've had it, I have to say I really like my new pixel. #madebygoogle



it's too bad
you're right
hmm I don't know it sounds like a lot of extra work
we need to turn tears... into action
😭
sometimes i just think about all the sadness that has happened in history and i'm like "something HAS to be done about this!"



wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. That is crazy about you
lmao nah Max was too much of a G to be you
my mans Max be wylin lol reminds me of me 🤔
nahh like real live 😂😂
can't even fake, that's the show
Got a lil excited to wake up and see Max and Ruby on tv lol



😳 what's going on bro
, nah it's not. She'll tell you about it!
lol you won't! &amp; not recently I meant to hit her up to check on her.. everything cool?
, lol nahhhh don't wanna come off weird. Have you talked to Neicha?
shoot your shot
I wanna dm #OOMF to talk about something, but I'm scared.😩



I'm not dude
then how are you alive? 😂😂😂
dude same between work and school full time I don't even have time to breathe.
aweh Vannie! I miss you too. College has been keeping me in my toes and I work on weekends. 😩😩 I do miss you a lot.
I actually miss the shit out of you
I actually miss reading books rn. 😩



you right
your adopted
what fool don't talk to me like that son
take yo bum ass to sleep
thats why im going to sleep
Only sexy people are up



oh shit ok
no they got me switching tags
are you doing night crew?!
yes😂
do you still work at Safeway??
Working these next 8 hours without headphones are gonna be brutal😩



lmfaooooooooo a full C cousin that's good enough
I want them so small that they won't be able to sweat under anywhere lmao
lol the biggest part is keeping them from sweating under the incision so they wont get infected
hmmm im thinking about getting one but yea bc I sleep on my stomach I almost used to wanna cry when I was pregnant lmao
my mommy had one its painful post op of course the worse part is sleeping in a recliner for 3-6 weeks
I wonder on a scale of one to ten how bad a breast reduction hurt ...I want one 😭



you like 5 ft 2, you got your hair done too?
💃🏻💃🏻💃🏻💆🏻
it's too bad, life it ain't fair
ugly girls stop and they stare 🤔
where you been, what's over there?
Pretty girl with the long hair



no but really though cause the one I was trynna talk to had a full ass one 😩
😂😂😂 omg. you never know with all these beards
happens to me at work mostly cause they be cute asf then they'll be like "yeah I'm 17 hby" 😑😑😑😑😑😂😂
when he was talking about his senior year I busted out laughing I couldn't help it I was so stunned
lmao read all these and girl the same always happens to me
BUT he was seventeen...



if you ain't got shit to do today gon head
I think I'm gonna do it tbh
fucking same
I wanna get drunk right now
must be nice
For some reason I got like really drunk yesterday



lol I'm wired i feel like I'm not going to be able to sleep
girl you can sleep for me, I don't get out until 4 today 😭
lol I'm barely going to sleep right now when i get out😂
it worked lol, and then I had to get up an hour later 😩
count some sheep lol
I go into work at 8 and I'm no where near being sleepy.



High end skill. It was the drive that was lacking
in this group maybe 6.
PK? That's garbage. Top 9 F easy.
looks like they are grooming him as PK. He's got more offense than half the forwards.
Is he finally there? WJHC stud! Took some time.
Love Joel Armia.  He gives his all. #nhljets



because his baseball ideas are damaged, clearly. Lol
LOL NOOO why does he like Tebow the baseball player?
because I was signing a contract with a doula client. And the game was on. And then baseball and trash talk.
because why?!
I just sat through the last 3 innings of the game with an Indians fan that also likes Tebow. As in playing baseball 🙊🙉🙈
I think it's time Tebow tried another sport. Or I mean followed another dream.



😐 you will have good karma heading your way!
but larry didn't even hang out with us so for me it just resulted in a headache &amp; upset tummy 😔😔
Well I mean, you can't be mad because those were some good intentions lol
i was trying to hang out and actually be social when everyone got home from closing ;p
What were you thinking lol
It's 4:50 in the morning and I'm soo unbelievably irritated with myself bc I drank an energy drink at 9 for no damn reason



that's what happens when you get into a relationship. lol
😭😭😭Exactly she the only person that get me soo hot
borris the only niggah who gets me hot
💯💯💯
man I feel you
Nobody can  get me hot like Brii do I swear 😤😤💯💯



trynna tell you lol
that's the only thing getting my tired ass outta bed😂😂😂
Fr lol it that paycheck be nice lol
shit sucks😂
hell yea
Wish I was rich and didn't work, so I wouldn't have to make this drive every morning at 6:15🙄



what new part time job &amp; why are you trying to kill yourself? 💋😘🐣💞
now you can sleep and get off hinny. I'm just getting started worked 30 min after I was off ✈️️yesterday new part time job
good morning, try to stay dry. Had good night at work, butt hurts from sitting in hard chair, got my pillow, still hurts💋😘🐣💞
good morning Karen hope work was ok last night sleep well today raging hard and cold here 🌸🌺🌴💕
good night Peggy, sleep well &amp; sweet dreams!!! Hope you have an easy day at work tomorrow, first day back after vaca 🌜😴💤👻😘🐣💞
Goodnight everyone ✨🌙😴💙🐣✨🌙💤💙



lol same! Its something i carried over into my space too. I have 4 plant babies, want another one.
I think it's cuz I grew up around a lot of plants. My mom's living room was a mini botanical garden lol Plants love to listen 😊
not gonna lie to you, the lesson went over my head :( but i do talk to trees/ plants lol we're not at hugs yet
that's beautiful! It raises compassion, awareness and, I personally feel, it reduces stress.
kid you not intook a course this summer whetr one of the assigments was to hug the rocks snd trees in CP
People look at me weird when I stop to hug trees, like as if I'm out of this world. And in that moment, yes, I am.



i'm a bad boy!!!
give it to me hard, insectoid parental unit !!!
"insectoid parental unit"
bug mama 🕷💕💕
good question I wanna know so I can effectively kinkshame non binary ppl as well
what's the gender neutral equivalent of calling someone daddy or mommy in a kinky sense 🤔



: uuuhh , i think soo &amp; mines started at 8.
the next one in the afternoon right? when yours start?
: now , while i.m here
oh ok you taking it now or afternoon?
: our regular school , they said i had to take 2nd part of FSA
wya



SMH only UAPB🙄🙄
some people at the Plex too
my LS at the JBJ said she did too
well idk but mine did
Girl yeah.
Sooo.... did everyone on UAPB campus tv's loose signal?



The most homework I had would be whenever I wrote a speech for public speaking &amp; non-fiction writing other than that nothing
I have soooo much homework every night
I had sooo little work to do senior year
whaaaatttt
you're doing it wrong then
Everyone says senior year is so easy but I have more work then I have ever had.



never too early
smh it's too early for this
foh
I really don't Charel 🙄
got da juice 😂
🗣DON'T CALL MY PHONE ABOUT SOMEBODY ELSE MAN!



no you don't
hate you ..
you're* and i wasn't even 2 feet
your 2 ft away from me ...hit me 😂
fight me i can't help it
says water like "wudder"



😂 beating Kansas should mean we get prime time @ 6:30
HEY NOW!!! We totally beat Kansas 😏that says 2:30 kickoff right?!😅
that'll probably depend on our win this weekend. But the way our season's going right now, I wouldn't expect anything else 😂
too late! Watch.. last home game vs Tech gonna be 11am too😒
🙅🏽 I take it back lol
another 11am kick.. 😫🔫 you jinxed it a few weeks back!



Yep.  I couldn't be happier about the progress in seeing on offense.  The defense is just nasty!
I don't think anyone did. Y'all indeed look better each week.
Oh yeah.  I was beside myself.  Totally didn't see that one coming.  They're looking good, though.
Hey, Haven't had a chance to talk to you since that Butt Whooping you guys put on Arkansas! Color me impressed
I always had that WGN connection for the Cubbies and the Bozo Show.  Ha!
Let's go, Cubbies!  Hey!  They were always my second team of there is any such thing being as big of a Braves fan as I am...



really tho it's only taken  a decade lol, but yeah I'm over here waiting for FFXV to drop. Then it's rip lyfe
about damn time they make a remake of FFVII, too. Godddd, wasn't it? I still played it because I didn't waste $50 for nothing 😂
FFVII is iconic so definitely and anyone that's a true fan of FFX knows that FFX-2 was a disappointment lol
right! FFVII is a close second. After FFX-2 I didn't care much for any other soundtracks though. The series fell off for me.
I must agree with you!
FFX had one of the best video game soundtracks ever. Hands down.



I can pull down there and wake the block up
😴😴
🤔🤔 when this happen
chief I done got me one 😷
we finna get us some GFs bruh 😭
I wanna get to the money 🤕



idk, quilting is time consuming af lol but a cooking class or art class or something? I would die. It sounds so fun
I still need other stuff to do though 😭
loll okie. 'Tis quite satisfying
I know how to knit. Lol. And I have a sewing machine so I'm down 😂😂
let's be like old ladies and start quilting
I'm such a crafty/creative person, that when I don't do anything creative I feel sad. And I want to do so many things but can't decide



honestly as a person who's nearly about to start doing the same, can we telecommunicate? you know the phone call way?
I'm just retweeting the best of the Seahawks beat writers, players and bloggers and giving some own thoughts as well
well my bad man. i'm garnering a lot of BS social media attention as well as the... not bullshit?
don't know - just asking - I just love them and tweet about them without any hidden thought / interest
wouldn't everyone
Hi Daive - I would enjoy providing you with Seahawks news and analysis #GoHawks



ok when else can we go
november 13 :c
when do NYR play there
i would Sell my soul to the devil to go ... I would WALK there SHSHSH
I will 1000% join you
I want to go to a game in Edmonton more than anything.



lol we aren't. He's just on the radar now
me neither..however I'm not gonna double back and go through his discography lol
def underrated, I was impressed had never listened to Mac before this.
I was actually listening to it when i made that tweet..I was like enough is enough..this album is too smooth
stay is over of my favorite cuts off that album.
Mac millers album is really great. I really like "The Divine Feminine"



you and me both
can't wait 🤘🏽
we up next
mines the 31st
dec my birthday 🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾
December 5th, 9th, 31st 🤗🤘🏽



Haha it's amazing, isn't it. What a time to be a cleveland sports fan.
he just so happened to move here as Cle sports (sans Browns) are taking over the universe so it works well.
haha okay, then he is a good man.
he is from there and moved here little over two years ago for work haha
How on earth is your bf a warriors fan? I hope he's from there..
I'm so happy today I didn't even talk shit to my bf about his beloved Warriors getting blown out last night



I stick with the blue....
Green is AWESOME! I was always meant to be a Seahawks fan.
I know, but .... still ...........
I'm a Ginger!
bruh?
Never realized how much "Action Green" I have in my wardrobe. Don't judge.



nope. God just got my back. that's my homie
you must got some military issue birth control 😂😂😂😂
well naw i wouldn't say that but i ain't need no plan b either 😌
so u telling me every nigga that swam in it successfully pulled out... you ma'am are a liar
i beg to differ !!
If you've never taken a plan B yo pussy trash



yea lion king pretty cool with Simba and shit
that's a dope movie too. La primera lives
mines blood in blood out guess we don't relate
21. Lion king still my favorite movie all time
how old are you? 10?
I swear Disney movies are the best



that's what you said when you spoke in his voice. Or something similar. But I Probably got it wrong, like everything
This rings no bells.
"honey dip"
The only thing I loved about Rodney was his aid in developing the McDonald's theory, regarding dating optimization.
that's not true. You loved Rodney.
"Jordan doesn't like anyone, he only tolerates us because he works with us".".



my interview is November 14th so maybe I'll get to see snow!?! 😃 ☃☃
yeah.. its alot different... and snow is on ground from like November thru March... feets of it... LOL
it would be a big adjustment for sure. I'm a Florida baby. I would need like a life class on snow, ice, frozen pipes, driving...
I've never Iowa. Never visited, never traveled through, nothing. The school I'm interviewing at is in Des Moines.
I lived in Iowa for awhile when I was younger.... Iowa City is decent, cold as shit in the winter... super freakin cold.
November is gonna be lit! Traveling every weekend... Arky game, medical school interviews in AL and Iowa, LSU game, FSU game. I'm excited! 🙂



omg lucky you!!! Yes it is:)
yes! but i'm going to the grand rapids nights, not peoria. is that the one you're going to?
aw man!!! Are you Gunna still be there!?:)
dang, i had an extra one i would have just sold you!
guys this is serious tryna by my bassnectar ticket yo
If I transfer money from my bank to my Paypal, will that show on my PP immediately but not my bank? Says 3-5 business days HELP



you can do it!
good morning! Up reading "Rich Dad, Poor Dad" again...I had such a different mindset when I read it the 1st time! Let's see!🙌🏾
first invest in the book Rich Dad, Poor Dad. Second, set aside 10% of every paycheck every time. Pay yourself first!
how?? I don't have any money to invest! ☹️
#notimelikethepresent
Ain't no fun unless errrybody can get some! 💵💵 I can't wait to be an investor! #TheProfit



i actually don't mind it i've worked for fuckin hitler soooo
lol yup...with the absolute best management  /sarcasm
wait you worked here too? lmaoooo
Nope....legit, I was that employee.  And was dead serious too.  We're out until Thursday &gt;_&gt;
don't be that customer lol
Welcome to Buffalo Wild Wings, where we're out of boneless and honey bbq...



I do but it doesn't matter 😕
. Awwee shit lol I thought you had someone
with* 😩
turn up for me lol
this weekend is 🆙
Not going out this weekend my body hurts



Well thank you! Hmm, I did a brief search on google before I went to work today and it said, "low carb diet," care to elaborate?
Thanks! It really helps that I feel amazing when I adhere... but it's not for everyone. Feel free to ask questions!
well hang in there then, I have faith in ya!! I really should eat healthier tbh 😒😶 I need to check that out, Idk much about it
It's a tough adjustment (I still falter), but it can be an amazing lifestyle change.
haha mmm, sounds tasty, makes me want to eat "keto" as well ✅🍽😁😂😂😋🍎&lt;🍔😳😎
Eating #keto is so much fun when friends who know you're on a "diet" see you order a spinach salad w/ steak/eggs/bacon/avocado/extra cheese.



💀the difference between him &amp; I: I was told I was the best employee and that's why my inability to be on time was overlooked
💀💀💀 that's his reasoning he was like "im your best" and I was like BRUH you were on your final warning what do you expect?!
like once, but I was their best employee. they never actually did anything 💀
LMAO are you serious omg did they never write you up?
I was late every single day for 6 years. lol.
The fact we let this Nigga slide with 30 lates is absolutely beyond me either



GM y'all #WorldSeries time ☕️😊⚾️


















lol I do love you too meh
I love you bebe 😘😘
omg I hate you
on my second cup 🙃🙌🏽
mines almost gone already. And I wanna cry.
Coffee



they got em on like scottsdale road and McDowell ... but they charging like 40k instead of 37
it's just so hard to get either one 😭
might as well get the Rubicon and keep it moving lol ...they both cold but yea
Sahara yeah
a wrangler ?
Mfs annoying I'm just tryna get this jeep and keep it moving



Oh yuuuup, but what did you get though?
I went to jack like half an hr ago lol
unless you already made your pick then it is what it is.
LOL will do
jack in the box is that late night go to for me lol
Jack in the box or Subway 🤔



we'll see how my funds looking Friday lol how much are they?
fuck around and grab them next week fr lol
you know I'm with it fr, just let me know when you getting the tickets
we should fade 🤔🤔
take me with you
Bluffed seeing Ye on my birthday. Might gotta fade this joint in December



i miss throwing food at people we didn't like.. our "trash shoot"
miss food fights at lunch
(ccap, iss, detention)












as long as you don't use the term real raver you're good 😹
started in 2010! Better than 2013 tho 🤔😂
we started in 07 lol
2011 or MM
lol wut.. 3 years? 😂 the OG's go back to 2012
PSA: Attending Escape 3 consecutive years makes you a real raver.



I would. Golden state: 👎🏻
I think that makes sense, but I wouldn't want to mess with the team from last year's chemistry
I think klay should be the person on the bench if anyone
how bout start with first 5 minutes then run two stars at a time for the rest of the first 3 quarters? There bench was turibl
I don't think that would appeal to KD
The warriors have 11 points off their bench. Just run Durant with them? He still gets his shots, and you don't mess with the top 5.



same, I really hope we haven't entered an era where we really have to question fighters AND the labs for the truth
glad Jamie came out with her side right after it was announced. Hate to speculate what happened.
I hear ya, while everyone is quick to cast judgement lately I have been holding back especially seeing how there can be screw ups
it's a similar case to what Jessica Rakcozy went through a few years back.
interesting, if that is truly the case I swear nothing is safe anymore
To update you on Jamie Herrington she has stated she took cough syrup which gave her the positive test. #wmma



I'm sure we could work that out!
and we'll wil out per usual
BOI
&amp; I might hit the Peoria date but 4sure Lansing show!!
Luv u boi
way too much for my own good and he needs to visit my ass ASAP" tweet



I agree to disagree sis 🤗
a term used in the way that nigger was, is dense.
on that note you're absolutely right. But ppl fail to realize the intent of the video.. ultimately it's not that deep, people
they're not 5 year olds. Them repeating what they heard isn't an excuse. It does not matter if there was malicious intent.
nope bc evidently it was 1) a famous vine they repeated 2) there was no malicious intent 3) it was all freaking jokes
White girls singing about "niggers" stealing shouldn't have had to face any repercussions? .....



aren't I always! Lol jk
geez.. why are you so right ??
but.... Hot Cheetos are life?🙃
suppose to say no geo c'mon...
do it.
1:10 am and tempted to eat these hot Cheetos 🙂



pick me up
let's do something then hoe
that was then, this is now fuck you gn
"i have two papers due tomorrow each 1,000 words"
I don't see an invitation in my messages????
I wish I had friends that would be down to chill or go on adventures at this time



I knew you would 😘 it's okay though because I definitely miss you.
oh the same time the Orioles play again!! Perf!!! I secretly miss you
yeah yeah, they kick the season off in April!
must have missed it... they play again soon right?
did you dvr it??
Looking for the dodgers game on my TV guide...



cool we can get through it together :-)
it's cool Imma be a single Pringle too so just love the shit outta it 😊😊😊
prolly wasn't going to anyways :/
it won't come true now cause you said it.....
i wished for a boyfriend .
11:11



The argument that preventing subclassing would prevent a car crash is really tenuous.
And  I'd be surprised if Apple was using Swift for anything like that at this point given how the syntax continues to change.
I don't think the programming language is the utmost concern with problems like these.
Swift itself ain't that stable.
Ergg, skeptical of this one. Many mission-critical systems are written in C or similar.
I wonder if Swift is important part of Apple's car work. The stability concerns make a lot of sense for mission critical systems like cars.



wasn't there something with her dad being named Miguel also
yep
you mean the fact that jack is dead
the scene when Kate and Toby discuss watching football with Jack
what part
#ThisIsUs



what about this weekend?
working:/
what are you doing tomorrow afternoon??
hit me up when you are free!!!
come visit me at Westminster sometime!
That phone call just made my week, thanks Nick❤️



without bumcan they may be better
I'm just very excited by what I saw last night
easy mike don't get ahead of yourself
I know it's just the first game, but they put on a clinic
Spurs will still be good this year as well
I love the work my Spurs are putting in. #GoSpursGo



I don't know what this is
thetigersez. 😊
Dunno who that is, so I cannot speak to that.
So you think my imaginary twitter relationship with Sarah is doomed? 😩
Seems like you could do better. 💕
My best romantic relationships are the imaginary ones I have with women on twitter. Not sure if that's sad or a good thing.



at first I paid 178 and then it was $146 a month. But then out of nowhere they raised my payments to $300 😒
how much you pay? I got Geico
nice what insurance do u have?
well my first payment was 178, the rest are 153 a month. And eyyy nicee
how much do you pay if you don't mind me asking I just got my own too lol
Feels so good starting to own everything and paying everything yourself. #justGotMyOwnCarInsurance



Never (josys voice)
shout out Kodak Black
you say that now.
yeah trash.
told you. 21 guy.
And them drugs come in handy, last name Hendrix but no I'm not Jimmi...



im fr though
yea right now omw
lol hella dumb pick me up lets mob to SF
I'm Shhleeep
right there at jack theres some chicken strips and fries you think you can drop some off? Can i pay u with trident gum
What to do?



Well, yes, it’s important to keep a clear view of our priorities.
if there are anymore of em Juliet &amp; I will hunt them down &amp; kill them &amp; their families. After a snack &amp; a nap time of course. 😼
I’m sure that was his last thought, MOL.
I don't know what the mouse was thinking??  Why come into a house with 2 ferocious felines??
Yay, you great hunter. I’ve killed lots of lizards and bugs but never a mouse.
I killed a mouse today!  😼



ahhhhhh T____T
it /feels/ so, so good to be here 😭
sameeeee ;; good you're here ;;
aww bb i miss you ;;
i was fucking thinking how it'd be good if you were here ;;
Got home in time for Shining Star ;;



big dawg them billy ass stones in yo frames
unless they 2500 we don't fuck around with no glasses
😴😴😴 she don't like a bum ass nigga
Jean be blowing my shit up
yeah she be blowing up my line
If my moms still ask about you then you was a real one



just cant go on it
it is.
it's still up tho?
someone reported the account i guess
what happened
THIS IS A TRAGEDY I WILL FIGHT WHO EVER SHUT THEIR WONDERFUL ACCOUNT DOWN



Smh What Ii Tell Uu Dey Sum Chokies😂😂
You lost that 10 bruh
Ii Got 10 On Dat Game Wit Dis Nigga At My Job But Uu Kno Dey Might Choke For My Money😂
Bruh you know the answer to that Warriors
Aye Bruhh Uu Gotta Let Your Man Kno Who Win Between The Spurs And Warriors
Kevin love💩



LOOL WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK!?
omg they are threatening to kick if we use answers that are on a guide OMG IM DYINGGGGG
yeah its acc ridiculous, now she cant get back in :(
sort your fansites out!!!
and they kicked my friend cus she glitched sigh
power tripping and changing answers mid way through the event



for example, i bought the macbook with a cd player because everyone back home still uses cds
...then that person will run into problems.
hmm i meant more if someone from 3rd world who can afford to get a mac and tries to use it with other people...
arguably those people don't use the latest macbooks. i'm sure they've done their market research and know their customer.
. Also people in 3rd world countries still use things like CDs and headphone jacks because it's more accessible and affordable
This is a friendly reminder that removing stuff like CD Player, ESC keys, headphone jacks, etc is not innovation.



is Nintendo cool enough to make a Superbowl ad?
Once all the games and release date is announced, go hardcore on ads and have a Superbowl ad
But there's a danger there of not delivering on the hype. If you're gonna do this it has to be worth it.
They may just be trying to build intrigue. They're could be teasing us along. To build hype.
Then again only Nintendo knows what Nintendo is doing.
I get the feeling that Nintendo isn't on schedule for NX. I just feel they'd be willing to tell us more if they were.



okay, I watched it &amp; I'd much rather Kara be w/ Mon El than James. 😍
I agree. Tyler is amazing as Superman. I hope Cat does come back often. That last episode with her, oh my gosh tears.
I've loved it too. Esp Tyler as Superman. Just which there wasn't less Cat. Hope Calista returns often.
it was really good. I'm loving #Supergirl so much this season.
yay! I haven't watched last night show yet. But I'm super psyched.






on notice? 😂. Hopefully your bench plays the majority of the minutes. U have the Slowest starting lineup in the NBA.
1-0 bruh. No excuses. It's 1 game, but the league is on notice.
personally I would have said the same thing. 81 more to go.
they're 0-1 though. If they would have won though...
you know they play 81 more games right?
Is Kawhi still a system player? I'll wait.



aww that's cute. I can't wait to see
yes :) he he Dantes going to be goku ^.^
sweet!!
bulma from dbz :)
what you gunna be?
As soon as this color fades or after Halloween its going back ...uhuh color isn't for me anymore ! Bye 🖐



lol! 😂 You're my hero!!!! 🎉
This was 8 for me and #PCD (post cruise depression) is sorta like pregnancy brain you will forget all about it &amp; do it again
you are correct! 😂Regardless of how miserable I feel, I can't wait to do it again! 🚢❤️
Im going to guess this is your 1st cruise .... its going to be rough lol
I had NO idea getting back to reality would be this difficult! 😩 #takemeback #nkotbcruise2016
Back to reality....



😂😂😂😂 she in yo class or something?
girl I b giving them the stank look or I b like wassup 😂 but this bitch I just b lost like ..
😂😂😂 that's all mfs do down here is stare , have you thinking it's sum on yo face like damn
girl fr I b wanting to know wtf is the reason for the looks tf
go to sleep 😂😂😂😂
It's this one grandma looking ass bitch that always looking at me weird I be so confused 🤔



coach francola though 👍😂
😂😂😂😂😂 I guess it just comes with the territory
I saw people who a few months ago posted about how baseball is sickening to them, post "go tribe!" &amp; "World Series!!" today 😑😑😑
it's ridiculous
WHAT I BEEN SAYING IN MY HEAD ALL DAY ABOUT MASS PEOPLE THO
It's funny how you hate sports and Cleveland so much but yet you can go out and try to celebrate everything that's going on. Fake.



omg fr??😂😂 damnnn lol
I cussed everyone out I need jesus😂
no les hagas caso😉
pendejos lol
HAHA😂😂
My family has been talking so much shit bc my hair is red like vallanse alv pinches envidiosos 😂



There is no trade off when you are taking away people's rights, especially something as crucial as voting.
The trade off is that we have people who are actually educated voting. That is actually exactly what they had in mind.
No, because then we would be going against our founding principles. Ya know... equality and natural born rights?
So we need to change the law then.
Then we're going against the Voting Rights Act of 1965. That would be discriminating people because they're less knowledgeable.
We need political efficacy tests at polling stations. If you fail you can still vote, your vote just counts as 3/5 of normal peoples'.



Yea it's Roger Waters and Kubrick territory and it freaks me the fuck out!
It's a classic for sure! A Clockwork Orange too! Those 2 movies' metaphors sum up all of my fears for this country!! 😫
Oh wow! That film still gets me. Been in my head because of the election and how close Trump is to being a Fascist.
I have a pt that shaves his eyebrows &amp; reminds me of The Wall.... #PsychIssues
So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, blue skies from pain.Can you tell a green field from cold steel rail?A smile from a veil?



I would have to let twitter know all the pros and cons so they can make an educated decision
or you can make a twitter poll
will prob make a pros and cons list for each after my interview Friday
flip a coin
I have 2 different interviews this week and if both go well I don't know which job to pick 😭😭



that's true. I'm currently watching it. No defense was played but lots of records were set.
I guess I could but I really don't have time. Sounds like no defense was played. LOL
and watch the entire Oklahoma/Texas Tech CFB game from last Saturday night.
Thanks Adam. You too!
Good Morning Gentlemen. I hope that y'all have a wonderful day.



no phone
i meant on ur phone
no monitor
call
Hi



out east
Wya Rn?
thank you 😘 when ? 👀👀
Happy Birthday Come Smoke This Blunt 😂
It MY MUTHAFUCKING BIRTHDAY BITCHES 🎉♏️💥😈😈💯😌



perfect!  I'm just kind of at the back tables.
we can also connect through PM here on Twitter, or tmaguire.org
I'm only here for part of this morning, say hello
, I'm actually here at the conference!
are you at sector conference? Hope your sector discussion going well



Carey Price is elite.  If you are looking to replace Bernier with Carey Price, good luck with that.  .915 % career. .851% here.
Watch highlights. He plays now just like in Anaheim. Also, see Carey Price as an example of good. This ain't that. Not close.
Lazy Chirp.
So, you're a big Freddie fan eh? Cool. Have fun with that. I like good goal tending.
Sure are a lot of goaltending experts out there, not to mention the "I have a friend who was a Ducks fan and he said...." comments.  Hahah !



ive written 4 essay outlines fuk u
what have u done so far 🤔
hmm 🤔🤔🤔
UNEED TO BE WHITE GIRL STUDYING BYE
im tryna b white girl wasted sos



It's really good, mate. Lots of biting. LOTS.
oh wow sounds like a winner!
it's my greatest work. it's about a man who finds a vampire and interviews him. there are other vampires also.
what is "a walk to remember"?
. Ask me anything about A Walk to Remember.



I have a Xbox1
damn! Xbox 1 😒
psn??
I'll play with you!
I kinda feel like playing bo3 but it gets boring playing solo😑



what? I really am. Be happy for me. 👍🏼
😑
I'm going too, IA! :)
And speaking of, does anyone want to go for a hike on Saturday morning? Please be advised that I am in no shape whatsoever.
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS SATURDAY



it's been a rough week LMFAO.
god love you omg
nope lmao. She's not mad though and it's not that bad.
you're kidding...
I really hit Amanda's car lmao. I'm going back to bed



😂😂😂 I'm blessed
ungrateful fuck
I mean they nice but damn
why complain my dude😏
Swear to god if Emma Ricard sends me one more picture of her tits



So like...does Inego Montoya ever get his revenge for Hannibal eating his father?
And in the books, Hannibal Lecter had six fingers on one hand and red eyes. He was a cartoon villain and an even bigger nerd. I can't even.
Yeah, Fullerverse Hannibal was a nerd who went to fancy-jail for 3 because a boy wouldn't go out w/ him, but we saw the same movies, dude.
"Nuh-uh!" says that one dude I always run into w/ a Anthony Hopkins facemask t-shirt. "Maybe in the show, but not in the movies!" Uh-huh.
The Mandela Effect surrounding Hannibal Lecter in media is weird sometimes. Like, he was never cool. He was always a nerd. Who eats people.



no way dawg. Comfort never goes out of style
boosts next
chill that's the nmds 👀
the next roshes
The ultra boost gods answered my prayers 🙌🏽



there was this incident. And earlier this year my brothers house had a stray bullet hit 6 feet from his head.
All jokes aside, is your family okay?
when my phone is racist. 😂
I think you meant block.
That heart dropping moment you read about a murder on the same black as your parents live. Then find out it was right next door.



*keeps fafsa money*
shittt I'd pull up on that offer lol
i didn't respond 😂
you're tweeting this like you told him no
Some nigga just dove in my dms trying to pay my tuition



*sideways
Hahaaaaaaaa we getting fucked ☠️☠️
we got peeps coming lol. Plus my friend Kyana &amp; Amanda they're staying at the same hotel &amp; they got drinks as well💀😂
Not a pre game anymore...more of a party 😂
2L of heem, 1L of Jäger, might grab big boi grey goose too...that should be good right?🤔💭



On our way back he apologized for the marble up his nose &amp; for almost making mommy POOP her pants &amp; almost PASSING OUT 😄😄😄
My daughter LOL'D on the floor 😂😂
I am a bad mom. Asked him why not up his butt? He says EEEWWWW POOP comes out of their? 😂😂 #PainInTheAssChild
Good thing he doesn't listen to Dark Matter yet ... "Snacks up your ass ..." 🙃 (Hope everything's OK though) 😘
got my back on this one #InkMaster 🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘



Yes. I'll talk about it with my boss today.
do you still have plans to use the tiny house
Called back
called
call me to talk #tinyhouse



bet no fraud shit
yea
20 straight up?
lets bet then 💰
Easily taking money line eagles this week



It still comes with wired earbuds in the box. (And if you want to use your own, there’s an adaptor in the box too)
Put simply: it's not user centered, at least to me. Unless you want to look cool, wired earbuds are easier/cheaper/not easily lost
I’m certain Apple won’t change it back. So tell me: why’s the included adaptor not good enough?
I don't think the headphone jack thing is going away. It's completely changed my future phone choice.
wow, this furore over the Esc key’s removal might last almost as long as the one about the headphone jackanyone remember that?



Yeah its pretty bad man usually you have ways to wake up
I just remember hearing like something making noises behind me and I couldn't move and was like shaking
3sooky5me
I had sleep paralysis for the first time over the weekend. it was spooky
Lucid dreams are just awful



lol I can imagine it is very nice for you!! I'm great....just enjoying the 🍁🍂 &amp; my Cubbies in the World Series FINALLY 😂😂
feels good 2 be back &amp; not sitting on my ass at home. Now I'm sitting on my ass &amp; getting paid for it, lol Thanks Deb, how R U? 😘🐣💞
yay!!!! I'm soooooo happy for you 🎉🎉🎉🎉💖
it was good Deb, thankfully my work is mental, not physical, plus they hired 2 new girls 4 my shift, so it's easier, less alarms👏😘🐣💞
hi lady 👋🏻... how was your first night back at work???



You don't Know Anytjing. Fool .
CATS EAT BIRDS BETTER BE CAREFUL, TUBBY
stupid cat
kankri is cuter and more interesting than karkat
both meulin and nepeta are good. i kinda like meulin a bit more but i couldn't choose a favorite



I haven't judged you. I quoted scripture. What happened was you read it and judged yourself. That's how the Holy Spirit works
Says the judgemental one who views others as fools.
Starting out the day being that judgmental can't be good friend.
Yes your religion's hatred for intelligence, which sees right through it, is well known.
If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise. (1 Cor. 3:18) #atheism #Bible #God



I'm aware that's why I said females I'm talking all ages 😂
there is a difference between a girl and a woman tho
uhhhh yes
um no lol
Bruh most females be for everybody I've come to terms that's just how it is outchea



its every year no uptick til December
Attendance has been pretty awful though. Slow Octobers are nothing new.
attendance bashing
Say what now?
oh cool  #isles fan bashing by montreal media. god, fuck these entitled pricks



i forgot where i was heading w this bc i got distracted but i know clothes particularly are a battle w kids sometimes
And I want her to look cute in her clothes because I don't.
But Nola is a "perfect" child. Not really I know, but she's smart and cute and everyone immediately falls in love with her.
I've been having some mental health issues since Nola was born and you could say I'm not living my best life.
I'm about to say something here about #parenting and #life and you might have to stick with me for a minute.



Navy Sec Fo lost?
they still won't make it to the playoffs 😭 and we still have the #1 win streak
yea I saw the pick at the end of the game
you can't just hold it with D
I told you to hold that shit down



Lady kriket oh whaaaaaaaaa
Lady Shaggy oh wuuut
Haaaaaaaaan 👉🏽👉🏽👉🏽👉🏽👉🏽👉🏽💙😂
do ya dance for the hood doeeeee 👉🏽😜
Fuck it up for the hood doeeee 😛😛😛😛😛



replace pizza with algebra
algebra is love
i like algebra.. complications ..im good at that
LOOOL i like trigonometry tho
I dont know why ppl study geometry



well now you made it sound dirty, david
Definitely the bean-smell. I myself am a clandestine bean-sniffer.
It's just that the beans smell so good.
Half the time I can't tell if I have an immense capacity for enjoying the little things in this world or I just totally need to get a life.
Today is the day I get to open the new bag of coffee beans and I am VERY EXCITED.



still in college area, down by target. serenata town homes! i'll tell you next time i see u 💘
omg no way! Where at/why?
i literally just moved to a new townhouse!
wtf why!!!
had I known Domino's doesn't deliver to my new house I wouldn't have moved here



I'm pooped maybe later or tomorrow
h1
sup am slayer
yo
Who's up



not for you
Easy work.
learn how to find the limiting reagent little boy.
🆒‼️
Midterm #7 today



nah everything is in about a half status and it's just not promising. Casual cosplay may be the thing!
Nix the bow? What's left? Also, at least we can party hard in casual cosplay.
cosplay defeat. I don't think there's any possible way I can finish everything even if I work as hard as possible
defeat?
I just may have to accept defeat this time.



fasure what time
got a session tomorrow in the heights, come through
yeah bro just got back
you still in the city?






pop's the 🐐
what'd I tell you 😂😂
spurs might be good this year 😂
I was gonna tag you in it when I retweeted it but was like nah he'll see it on fb 😂 that dude was killing it all night
was literally about to tag you in this but you are the person who retweeted it 😂



I got to work wayyyy too early. Lol
lmfao clearly you needed the nap
no seriously didn't even look at the clock lol just punched my numbers in and scanned my hand.
"accidentally"
Accidently clocked in 15 minutes early and then went and slept in my car...



🤔🤔 ill give it a try
your missing out😕
not sure why, but im super reluctant to watch that
black mirror!!!
Anything good on netflix i havent seen?



interesting 🤔
yes
you can taste my wax melt?
yum
I have a maple butterscotch wax melt in my apartment and it smells SOOOO good 😍



Totally true..
thinking main st area will be even more slammed then it is for wishes
Agreed!  Great use of the technology!
saw this.. sounds epic!
New projection show at the Magic Kingdom just in time for Wine &amp; Dine Race Weekend!  Nice!



just cause
why not.!?
nope
that's why trade Klay Thompson for DeMarcus Cousins
Warriors big are soft. Warriors gotta fill the center position



This happens on Ubuntu too, right?  If you type `git` on a fresh install, I believe it recommends installing Git.
I mean, I guess it's cool that it has a bunch of approved libraries that don't come pre-installed but it tries to get them upon relevance.
Can't decide if like that as soon as it recognized I was in some file type (Ruby, HTML, etc), it wanted to download syntax libraries for me.
One of the things I like about Vim is that you don't have to do a bunch of configuring to be productive. Spacemacs doesn't feel that way.
So far, my experience with spacemacs hasn't been very positive.



u make us so happy &amp; sup proud 🌞
u guys make me so happy
my lil jasmine is the cutest thing ever
so hard it's hurting my cheeks
ok so last night me &amp; my girl were playing around and she told me to stop it so i was like "BISH Y" &amp; she replied with b/c i'm smilin



I hope people like them!! I'm just excited to be finished soon!! AHH
that's normal but it'll all be worth it once you post them and people give you the good feedback you deserve!
thanks girl &lt;3 IDK i just am like feeling weird about it!!
i'm sure they're great! it sucks that you feel that way though i hope you'll eventually like them!
I really want to like my Reisaru week fics but i feel like they aren't as good as i want them to be meh



😂😂not true
bc we both know it would end up being hers bc you wouldn't clean up after it 😂😂😂
true
she'd tell you to keep it in the barn
Wonder how mad my mom would be if I just came home with a cat 🤔



I mean in that case maybe
I can make it fun
doesn't sound fun
lemme tame you
Wow I've gotten 9 tattoos this year I need to be tamed



snapping and driving, swerving all over the place, speeding 😂 must I go on
omg whyyy lhh
NOT JUST ONE COP, BUT TWO GOT HER AZZ
what happen
The cops hate Andrea man😂



lol I can really into deep details 😂😂
haha I know
it's facts bro lol
you're childish 😂
Warriors gotta 4 game losing streak... don't sleep 😂😂😂



it's a pop quiz for us. If we are paying attention to what you say at all, we should be able to get it. You're awesome.
Perfectly reasonable to say "Here. This is problematic. Figure out why."  You can't spoon feed us logic all the time.
Never mind read the TL and do not care no more
I don't want the pain in my mentions or a pile on on this person but this shit looks like a cross btw Rand/Riefenstahl/ and the first Myst
Okay social media ethical types I have a conundrums I want to post something to point out OBVIOUS racist symbology and semiotics



but larry didn't even hang out with us so for me it just resulted in a headache &amp; upset tummy 😔😔
Well I mean, you can't be mad because those were some good intentions lol
i was trying to hang out and actually be social when everyone got home from closing ;p
What were you thinking lol
It's 4:50 in the morning and I'm soo unbelievably irritated with myself bc I drank an energy drink at 9 for no damn reason



I feel so bad for you. I cannot imagine!!!! I bet coconut oil would help too!!!
omg I have so many different ones! And lip scrubs and masks. It's terrible already lol
Omg!!! 😢 Load up on chapstick!! 😕
me too. And I'm on medication that has "dry chapped lips" as a side effect, so I get a double whammy this year 😭🙄
Chapped lip season......my favorite. 😫🙄😒 #OverWinterAlready



lol Lebron what? 😂
but....LeBron......lol
that's different tho... they didn't have 4 guys that are gotta put up 20 a night and 3 guys that take 20 plus shots a night
i agree. But it took the 2010 heat a month or two to look in sync.  So ima wait this one out before i say for sure
KD really messes up the warriors chemistry



no vote Clinton! Haha okay good 🙌🏽🙌🏽
if there is I'm doing it idc,&amp; haha of course once u register once you registered forever since I voted for Obama last time
you can write me in! LOL jk. But did you?
only if ur on the ballot
I hope everyone registered to vote on time 😊🇺🇸



we're poor but it's nice to dream
maybe
oh yeah you have $3,000 😭😭
i got u
live



come out
you know that 🤘🏽
you in 500?
fuck matching let's go get some grub 😋
Match anyone ?



big and toasted is old af bro that thing is ancient
old af tho bro
yeah but the turkey bacon cheddar on the French roll with the sauce is the ultimate dunk sammich
ciabatta fire too
worst decision Dunkin ever made was dropping the French roll



how far are you from IU?!
YES! 💕✨
oh same also i'm coming through to Indiana soon come hang out
Nah, tweeting in my sleep 💤
you up



that's so annoying.. 😭 do you have priority?
no it's like everyone:/
Yes!!! But I'm not the only one.. A few of my other friends from cal poly said they updated a week ago and its still there
emergency contact?
there's a hold on my account so I can't enroll for classes... and I only have 2 days to do it smh



I'm so busy rn tho D:
you should decorate! Isn't sheena doing a carving pumpkin thing?
Wtf idk just look for the Greek letters LOL
wait which houses have you seen?
Seeing all the sorority houses with Halloween decor really buffs my holiday spirit



starting a movie crew?😏🤔 lol
if u get a drone I'll edit some shit
sister 💻
desktop 4 sure, bc what u gon do w drone footage rn? Smh
Drone or Mac desktop?!?



I just diedddd 😂, right on track but he a older cat 😃😂💯
black nigga with dreads 😭😭 west side
😂😂, Bitttt who 🙄?
that's ova wit I kno who yu talking bout and he off limits 😘
Really got my eye on this dude friend I used ta fw 2 years ago, fuck em that shit wasn't shit obviously. Might be pushing the issue seen



.
this is the best idea
Which leads to an All-Star Weekend Royal Rumble, where one player from each team competes in a giant game of 21 for the NBA championship… 😳
Cavs-Knicks would've been like the Monday Night Raw after Wrestlemania.
I think all pro sports should be like wrestling, where certain regular season games become title defenses where the trophy can change hands.



That's a good point, i'm not really sure. Usually just whatever is offered or on something i accidentally order.
Fair nuff dude but which olives have you tried? Some olives are shitty af.
I just can't stomach them, i literally gag at the smell.
You're a food scrub aren't you?
If you fux with olivesI dont fux with you



With roads it’s very easy to determine if you are SUPPLYING what is wanted, not forcing it.
why isn't this the same for road construction? It's all social/civil engineering. Shouldn't pretend otherwise.
There is a long, long way to go. Plus the bond market risks. then the other question is, is it even ethical?
look around the blue, green and Northstar lines. It is already happening.
“Sim City” Exactly. they want to force demand and development around Choo Choos. It won’t work because we aren’t lab rats. #tcnt



sounds like a plan to me.
were probably just doing notes, which you can get from someone
i keep coughing randomly, im in the computer lab &amp; idk if i should even go???
I honestly was scared to show up a few days because I had a runny nose and didn't want her to hear me sniffing..
Probs gonna kicked out of math bc of my cough🙄



they don't ! I get my pedis 😊
I'm wit it shawty as long as they don't stink!😄🙂
down 🙃but I need my feet massaged still got me or ?
a massage for a massage wassup😌🙃
I just need a massage ! 😭



I literally feel like I won't see u guys for forever....
😩
no TMRW AT 3pm!!!
do u leave today?
GOOD MORNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



bishhh u livin more than me I miss you and your friend from the party the down ass bitch
I wanna live with u
I'm just trying to live
I have one of u passed out in ur own car while me and lashayla went to steggs
My friends just reminded me that there's a horrific picture of me blacked out at an after prom from high school somewhere on the internet 🙂🙃



But no more of this depressing talk. Three more wins!!!
I don't even know.  He's the worst owner in organized sports.
That's an understatement. I wonder if Haslam knows or cares what a joke this team is.
don't been mention the B word.  They've had their chances to be good and they blew it big time.
care that they are totally and completely irrelevant...?#windians #WorldSeries #cavsmania #monsters



CRIES WITH YOU HE REALLY IS AHHHHHH
YESSSSSSS LMAO JUST. /CRIES SO HARD. HE'S SO PRECIOUS I LOVE HIM UGH.
THAT WAS THE CUTEST THING HIS LOVE FOR 2PM AHHHH
YES LMAOOOO JUNHO JUST FUCKING RUNNING AROUND THE STAGE CALLING OUT EVERYONE'S NAMES
reminds me of HYPER tour wwwwwwwwww :3



headed toward Salem *hugs*
oh my. I saw 'Oak Grove' and thought you were a little closer. 😊
wrong part of Missouri sweety
if I wasn't traveling out of town today, we should have done lunch or something while you were coming through. Maybe next time!
Missouri sure is proud of Trump, I'm glad I don't live here anymore. Also I'll be glad when the election is over!



well should I wait til ya fix that
Oh nah my twitter was hacked
bit I I'll live...I guess😁
what's not nice lol
dude! Seriously, not nice😛



yea it's nice I just don't like how long it is it's jut my passenger door
you actually drive a cool car haha. Did you crash it pretty bad?
2005 dodge magnum
what kind of car is it
My dad thinks I'm Ganna sell him my car for 1,000$ hahahahahah wtf this ain't no Honda 1996 hahaha



every year
sounds like the get down
weekend of November 18-20th
when is it?
So the Line up for classic weekend is Blac Youngsta, Jeezy, Gotti, Gucci and Lucci....



yea I just been rocking with it
Jeffery I like SS3 I like better tho
you don't fuxk with Jeffrey?
ss3
What's better : ss3 or Jeffery?



when is it? 😋
but I have a really long winter break! So I'm sure I can come back home and visit 😁😁😁
you're supposed to visit me here in Texas, BUT WYA
😯... oh yeah, that's right 😬... I'm still in SD 😒😩. I'll be home in fall of next year!!
your tweets about Texas are making me want to come home 😭



because we're twins duh ... "you should show your freckles off more" "you look good natural " but *still beats face *
" i didn't know you had freckles "
I got " omg ur freckles are so cute" like 20 times 🙄
and i be you still look better than everyone there
This is my first time going to school w no make up 😷



I do what I can to help my community
you're the hero this city needs
I don't mess around when it comes to orange chicken
that's intense
I would kill for some orange chicken rn



bitches gotta find their way in
aucun respect pour lui-même ce pauvre garcon
jpp de ce garçon, mais grave hâte de pleurer à leur faux mariage
oh lord
Mdr le plan de mon coloc a fonctionné : son sugar daddy lui a proposé de se marier pour une Green Card(ça fait 10min qu'il crie)



😂😂 Have a great day, goofball.
did that say return to sender? It should've said Good morning friend. Auto correct is crazy sometimes 😅
😂😂 you're like my bestfriend in my head, but in real life you so rude 🙄
return to sender
I'm back.



oh &amp; you'll have to wear cotton bras but after about 3 weeks u can sleep in the bed
lol the biggest part is keeping them from sweating under the incision so they wont get infected
hmmm im thinking about getting one but yea bc I sleep on my stomach I almost used to wanna cry when I was pregnant lmao
my mommy had one its painful post op of course the worse part is sleeping in a recliner for 3-6 weeks
I wonder on a scale of one to ten how bad a breast reduction hurt ...I want one 😭



Were are you working
I'm wide awake cause I'm at work, keeping the world safe &amp; saving lives, lol 🏥🚨🚑💻☎☕🎈👻🎃👑😘🐣💞
Still wide awake &amp; got to be up in three hours watching Cher on YouTube 😴
good night Terri, sleep well 🌛😴💤🎃👻🎈😘🐣💞
Good Night Karen 😴💤💙✨😴💤🌙💙



not really, just close to 'em.
none of it is in the joints right?
I think I overdid it when training the other day, i'm hoping it's just really sore muscles and nothing else.
oh shit what happened?
Still in pain, hurts like hell to move my arms.



fuck yesssss
more shoes and ikebana 🍱🍣
honestly 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
time to shop! Eh lmao
So I'm getting $6,000 or more from the guy I sued. This what you get for driving without a license and hitting me and my mom.



I can handle (slightly) the Ottawa winter, I can handle anything
Ah you'll be fine!
I'm just wearing my kit under my jacket and got my scarves
Layers! Sunday was thermals, two shirts, my kit and jacket.
I think wearing a winter jacket to BMO today is gonna be a football first for me 😂



girl cause you with that ugly ass bitch
Ian even see you
right next to you 😒
wya ?
i don't care about no pillow talking or nun of yo stupid friends 😘



I watched a few episodes and it just wasn't catching my attention at all.
I liked the first season. 2nd season doesn't live up to the nuance of the other marvel shows.
haven't seen the new season. What's gone bad?
Eh, I guess I'd rather they were just as annoyed with Daredevil as I am.
I can't wait for the Netflix Marvel characters to finally join forces and beat the crap out of Daredevil.



Slow isn't always bad, high pain day but I'll make it through
Slow but ok. How about you?
Hope your day is starting off well
Good morning.
Morning everyone



Wait these girls came up to my last week and said "do you know Chloe from H2O?" And I was like yeah yeah 😂
and once you catch up the new season starts in January or February on cw!!!!
the new originals season came on to Netflix and it reminded me of how much I love her 😍
same girl i just love her
grows by the day



i have three decks man .
fuck ur deck
lets gooooo
I havent played in so long tho im super rusty w my cards and their effects.
Im shuffling through my ygo decks and why is my dragon deck so useless? I need to rebuild it. My blackwing deck is still gucci tho



supposed to say keep it right on 6
I didn't. I said avoid
that's being a bad caddy, never say don't
avoid left on 6. #sageadvice






Currently my favorite show... until Nashville comes back.
LMAO OK ME
i always talk about being heartless but every week when I watch it I'm a little bitch lmao
that show fucks me up man
I just watched "this is us" and it made me cry a little bit.....again. Lmao.



I think we deserve froyo . But I'm still so full lol .
Omg sorry i thought i replied to your other tweet already XD i got 84 *-*
lol how did you do on the test
82/100 let's gooooooo woooooo !!!!!
WHATD YOU GET IN 351



I'm not sure what you mean.
i agree to a point, strike zone is a mess, BUT do not know what they said to each other last night-all year? grudge?
I just think they make it too much about themselves. A player even looks at them the wrong way they're ejected.
Skunk Drunk Billy Martin was a saint back in the day, cocaine 70's-80's,Roids in the 90's, now bad Upmires?
. I'm all for anything that could get rid of the arrogant umpires



plus the practicality, if I knew today was the day my brain pops, I'm not going to work
I get it sometimes when the heart does its "three beats on, one beat off" thing.
like this morning, is this pain in my head an aneurysm that will pop any moment or just a headache. I will obsess all day
100% of my anxiety comes from not having this.
If you could have one, would you want a Hump Day for your life? You'd wake up and know you were halfway to the end, no question about it.



good gosh this is all I've been waiting for love you sm more tabbbs. 💖💖💖
lord knows you deserve this happiness! love you s'much lexxxx😘😘
thank you sm tabby 😘
so happy for you!!🤗
Met Kristians mom today &amp; she's so cute 💁🏽😂. I feel like we're gonna get along ☺️



nah it wasn't... I won't tell who it was though
was it Tim
they stopped when they saw my tweet
I do not believe
These fucks are really watching porn in my lounge



B/c they don't like Trump.Warren and Sanders were late to supporting her.Sanders isn't like Hillary
We have Bernie and E.Warren with us. I trust their judgment. Whatever HRC is Bernie is the same 4 supporting her.
No it isn't but they have proven Hillary is a two faced person.
If WikiLeaks is all u have...that's pathetic. Every time they release emails, she widens her lead over Trump and Jill
#WikiLeaks has confirmed everything non-HC shields have been saying about HillaryAt least Hillary being corrupted isn't up 4 debate anymore



we have a lot of inexperience on this team,so just as Babcock/Shanny said,it's gonna be bad before it gets good,but I'm ALL in
I don't think... I absolutely know, without a Goalie, the team is nothing. anyone who thinks otherwise isn't up to speed
if you think that we're somehow just supposed to be a contender because we drafted Matthews You're surely mistaken man
if we want to support kids we'll go watch Junior Hockeysame old story... suck it up buttercups and ice a Team
Listen #LeafsNation Matthews,Nylander,Marner,our D etc... are ALL gonna take time to get better,this is a process,be patient #TMLtalk



ok. But feel bad.
Again... "you're." haha... no worries.
was kidding. Your doing fine. I didn't mean to say it like that. You truly are a great writer
"You're."   🙄😋
OMFG. You phoned that one in. Love your tweets, slow down and be you. Your fine.



Toe~then stopped~then started again during the show.
Was the second waterworks from the show or still the stubbed toe?
Does it count itself out if you were crying before,(a stubbed toe) stopped, then cried again? 26 minutes. #ThisIsUs
Well I made it 51 minutes without crying. A new record. I was so close to getting to the end. Damn you #ThisIsUs !
My goal: to watch an episode of #ThisIsUs without weeping uncontrollably. My hunch: it will not happen.



yep. It actually took the Spurs a bit to start getting penetration. Started off by dumping it down into the post
they will struggle to protect the rim and rebound...but that's about it. Their perimeter D is A+
they thought they could walk in and beat anyone. They can't. They know that now &amp; will be perfectly fine.
lol @ ppl talking shit about the Dubs. They didn't lose to Sacremento. They will be fine.
It's one game. Warriors will be fine. But KD has shot a lot of OKC type shots. Not wide open, beautiful ball movement shots.



You should come back when there is. Great sporting city.
Great place. Shame I was there when no sport was on!
Would have happened ages ago if I had my way man haha.
How long before you swap the UK for San Fran?! Haha enjoy.
's wedding in San Francisco City Hall today.



I just need one for a shoot 😊 so it's gotta be majestic haha
I can check tomorrow!
does it touch the ground? Like the vines haha
there's one in my neighborhood!
Looking for WILLOW TREE(S) near BOISE please @ me



*SMOOSH* :)
Next time I see you I am so giving you the biggest hug!!!💖💞💖
Back at you, Stephanie!:) Just really stoked for you...you only debut once, and I'm over the moon for you.❤️ CARAVAL is BIG!:)
Oh, Lynne! How are you always so sweet?! Thank you so much--this means a lot!!💖💖💖
Stephanie, SO excited for you! I love all the buzz CARAVAL is getting! I can't wait to read it! Congrats!!! &lt;3 &lt;3



holy fuck. seems fair though, they definitely look untrustworthy to me
yep lalafells. but lalafells are evil everyone who plays non-lalafells sacrifices lalafells for clears in raids.
they look like. Lalafel. I think is the name??? FFXIV tinies. tiny dumpling lightning
I can't believe they have fingers and elbows in the end
GYA



Hey DORK did you read your f’ing text messages yet?
need an analyst yet because hi
nearly every obstructionist I've encountered in office settings is 40+ and refuses to change at all ARGVHGHHFSERFVG
if I see one more infographic or thinkpiece about millennials being lazy and boomers being producting I'll die
Can we please stop with all the boomer-age senior managers here that just endlessly battle for power while providing zero value to the org??



OMG- I am so sorry. I keep getting mean tweets from people about my plastics favoritism.
I wasn't saying that I was repeating what Kryssie said she's so delusional. I voted neeley all the way
You don't even know if America would have put Scott up. America doesn't really like the misfits if you haven't noticed. #bbott
Like the reason Neeley going up was because Kryssie didn't let us put Scott up.
I heart the plastics because they aren't arrogant about America, even when we do things for them. Misfits? They knooow we love them. #bbott



if the description ass 🙄🙄🚮
yea
is it good?
amber alert
Wtf should I watch



HAHAHAHAH you caught me ;)
wait really? so how come you had to put quotes around it why didn't you just state your belief asking for a friend
🙋🏼🙋🏼🙋🏼🙋🏼
i just love this who said it
"I believe that loss and emptiness and confusion often give way to new fullness and wisdom."



what does it look like 🙄
umm do you know what your face looks like
whyyyyyy are you always bothering me 🙄
but this dick for everybody
I want you all to myself I swear.



dance party??? i'm down:-))
miss u! Come party!
miss you, jamil!!🌟🌟
thank you!! 😊






all of this dev work, to tell you that you need more milk.
IoT fridge...
on a raspberry pi.
Next up, installing Openstack in real-time...
In fairness, this demo is pretty ballsy #OpenStackSummit



we could never no
maybe it is maybe it ain't
it's the devil
that's scary
I heard someone saying my name but no one up 😷😭😭



ya'll act like we ain't shit because our football team is the best .. but neither is yours lmao
every sport at Hemet is better then wv 😂?
your football team wins sometimes .. the only thing worth being acknowledged is your basketball,wrestling, and water polo
okay stop 😂 thats wrong
hhs‼️ur pep rally's ain't shitur student section ain't shitur sports ain't shit do u even have spirit days besides botb ? I'm curious .



no, you'd be a genius in something else all together 😉#dirtygirl
haha I would've been a math genius if he'd been my teacher in school! #hotteacher
Ew! That's sad😒
Sigh...My dreams about Sam are always weird. One time he was my math teacher.
and I were snuggle/cuddle bunnies 🐰 BLISSFULLY WONDERFUL ☺️



There are &gt; two choices. weren't amoral
They're not identical, so you should be able to choose between horse shit, or grandpa's follow-through even though neither are palatable.
Frankly, I'd like to know where you stand at crunch time, and I think that's fair. "I don't like either" doesn't address the question.
You don't have to actually vote for either, but when asked a direct question you should be able to answer which you'd rather have.
I don't have a lot of respect for those who hide behind neutrality on super-important topics. One of them will win. Pick a fucking side.



EVERYBODY  deserves those same reprimands. That's al I'm trying to get at
of every race say that word all the time to their friends. There should've been no repercussions, if there had to be then
they're not 5 year olds. Them repeating what they heard isn't an excuse. It does not matter if there was malicious intent.
nope bc evidently it was 1) a famous vine they repeated 2) there was no malicious intent 3) it was all freaking jokes
White girls singing about "niggers" stealing shouldn't have had to face any repercussions? .....



yeah I need to start going over my notes at least twice a day I just hate studying lol
we'll see it's not 100%. Yeah best way to memorize stuff is like review notes like an hour three or four times a day.
it kinda does and it kinda doesn't because I actually find this stuff that I'm reading interesting lol
that's because your mind doesn't care about what your reading lol.
Wish I could memorize stuff after reading it once SMH



give it to me hard, insectoid parental unit !!!
"insectoid parental unit"
bug mama 🕷💕💕
good question I wanna know so I can effectively kinkshame non binary ppl as well
what's the gender neutral equivalent of calling someone daddy or mommy in a kinky sense 🤔



i didn't know 😕
you could've helped me
👀👀👀
😕
I just passed that government twat with a 90😛 &amp; did my review so i really gotta 100😊



will do Bruh
on the way to school but remind me when I get home and I'll watch.
I’m bout to tag you in some shit fam lol
yes. Just don't call it "live" clips and fails. Lol
Can I upload clips and fails with no reactions?



i hope you have a great day, I misunderstood your use of the word 'why' followed by a question mark.



so, they have the power, the control, and they've tried to silence #Julian Assange .    Just my thoughts. 😀



Anyone think #Obama gave away the internet hoping to silence #WIKILEAKS ?#ICANN 🇺🇸 Thankful 4 truth 🇺🇸 keep 'em coming!👏👏👏



thank u
I dig ur style lol
true facts yo
that part 💯💪
Every girl needs sum chocolate in they life❤💯



they were just masa but still bomb haha
wow I always miss out on everything :(
my tia Virginia made some on Sunday you missed out homie
omg tfti again 😕
Who eats tamales at 1 am in the middle of October?.... me 🙃



bruh I still got all the old shits and some new shits let's not start this roast
why you look like Dr. Doofenshmirtz tho ..
boy I ain't know you ain't talking to me hunch back of Norte dame
MY NIGGA BIG BIRDD shit fam thanks my dude that shit means a lot stay up out there G
happy c-day my nigga 👌🏽😁



no they weren't. Apparently, engineers working known issue. Hopefully resolved by Thurs and AL dept revenue will understand.
Were they able to assist? If not, we'd be happy to assist further via DM! Please let me know! Thanks-PC
I reached support via phone yesterday. But, the skull known issue is affecting me.
I'm so sorry! Our phone support wasn't available yesterday. I'd be happy to help here on Twitter if help is still needed! -PC
I was told by a support person that support would be open today.



maybe *
yeah he sounds stupid af lol . Whatever make he's joking lol
nah deadass though lol he's my nigga but like really????
I bet he himself has a small dick lol . Like who says if u know this information u have a small dick. Some1 who has no confidence
this boy told me only niggas with lil dicks know about cars🤔



oh the same time the Orioles play again!! Perf!!! I secretly miss you
yeah yeah, they kick the season off in April!
must have missed it... they play again soon right?
did you dvr it??
Looking for the dodgers game on my TV guide...



lol get one
Oh 🙃 guess I don't need an Apple Watch then lmao
lol idk 😂TBH
What did you do?
Broke my Apple Watch❗️🙃😂🖕🏾



I hear you brother
That's what up! Mi deh yah mon another day another dollar you know.
I'm good! How are you?
I am 👋🏾 lol how are you
My TL is so dead coz none of my UK people are awake and active 🙄



I have so much respect for him too, he is too old for this conversation
ESPECIALLY Jim Brown. They're not offering anything outside of typical victim/community blaming. This is solving nothing.
can at least one of them talk about their experience about how they were Fd with because of their race, they have stories
like...what...is...the...point if you're giving one sided opinions?
Watching this TNT NBA deal about race, such weak sauce, so out of touch of the legit issues of the movement, why bother then



some of my favourites right there but ive never seen snow on the bluff, ill check it out
i just think he's a beautiful man haha. trainspotting, good will hunting, snow on tha bluff, the imitation game, american beauty
what kinda bias? Lol
enter the void, charlie countryman (i have a bias towards shia labeouf), moonrise kingdom (BEAUTIFUL movie, literally)
Anything good on netflix i havent seen?



I did!!!! The question is, when they gone kick in??? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
lol damn girl take some pills!
also these cramps kicking my ass rn, feel like I'm being stabbed by all the ex friends I have.
if you would have went to bed at the time you said. You would have been fine
Definitely didn't go to English to get an extra hour of sleep. Yeah.



if you change your mind hit me lol I got 2 blunts
shit id be down but i just got back to the house lol i'd say slide but i know that's a mission
I was trynna see if you trynna burn it. But you ain't in town :/
at the house man. wassup
wya broda



fucken warned u
I'm gonna check it out brb
wrote a STRESSFUL PHYSICS SONG
how's the pset this week
please gOd don't listen to the song "Entropy" while doing thermo hw it'll stress u out the chorus is "calculate the entropy" im not even



you went sky diving?
lmao put your boy on😉😂
you want me to give you a lil shout out?😂😂😂
damn Jay, the plug like that bro😅😍
happy birthday!🎈🎉



lol I thought we were too
sucks! Y'all seemed solid. That's life though, people change
dead ass
nooooooo
My ex taught me how ugly trusting people can get



me too lol , what's your number so we can keep in touch?
thank you 😌 &amp; criminal justice
me too,  your cute 😊😉,what's your major?
yes.
hey you go to nccu?



whats the link?
you need to watch our first video!
Facebook and Gigi
it was incredible thanks, how did you know about it? Lol
how was your trip ?



Got it. He's got a pass. Pitched a good game. Teammates let him down. Bases loaded, zero runs. No hits with RISP. Only one game
Jon Lester.
John Lester?
cancer survivor, does a lot of work helping children's cancer research.  Solid guy.
Does anybody really like John Lester? I'd really like the #Cubs to win but he's a tough guy to root for. He's got a Belichick  personality



it's a given, but still uncalled for. Hit that unfollow asap lol.
I wanna know but I don't at the same time lol
I'm not about to fuck it up for everyone else.
what was it?
Some dick just posted a major Walking Dead spoiler... sooo pissed. Fuckkk Youuuu 🖕🖕🖕



not scared soo.... i'll be waiting to beat some ass👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
im gonna be at your door step in 5 👊🏼
😒.... &amp; if im not?
you better be talking bout someone else 😤
Ima really fight him🙄



Hahaha what sucks is I almost fell asleep when I laid down and then I just....didn't. And now I can't
I have counted... So many sheep Chelsea.
I'VE BEEN LAYING IN BED FOR OVER AN HOUR LMAO WE GOT THIS
HAHA ME TOO KILL ME
GUESS WHO CAN'T SLEEP



YES.time for it let's goooooooo
I'M REALLY NOT I'M NOT GONNA LIE. /grabs so many tissues. we should start the tissue pile now huh?
T_________T we'll need lots of tissue today.are you ready? :D lol
weep weep weeeeps
Whyyyyyyy am I not in Tokyo just whyyyyyyy



thats an idea! I think I need to update my examples too
Maybe i should put more Pokemon examples on my commission example sheet.
THIS! So many times people want to see more fan art of poke, but unless its a commission, its hard to fit in free art time
90 percent of the art I do has to be commission work to pay bills and such. I will gladly draw other things for money.
People wish I drew Pokemon a lot more, and yet no one commissions them. I don't understand.



might have to come for spring break
no seriously, i'll be here probably until may!
DO NOT TEMPT ME
come to australia
I just want to travel the world and make amazing memories. That's all.



you're bomb as fuck tho like deadass i'm pretty sure some dude will come around ready to drop everything for you give it time
girl me too!! I honestly find it hard to believe anyone's ever gonna wanna be w me like that
i'm lucky if anyone talks to me at this point if i'm being honest with myself
was asking myself this today smh
where are the chill ass nice dudes at?



we love the old songs as well 😜
will start playing songs from #TheBlack again because people love the songs. x



it was probably easier to go with songs danny knew the marks for already since they didn't have much time
didn't play any songs of #TheBlack :( I had expected they would play the ones that aren't about Danny.



Well, yes, but that doesn't make up for having to scramble to find a place to watch the game.
I apologize about that, are the services back to normal now? DP
Too late. We went out and by the time we came back it was on. It was still a PITA.
Hello Mari. I'd like to see what I can do to help you see the game.  Please DM your acct# and I can see what I can do to help. -QL
, you suck. #ComcastSucks



they want the #1 pick again for sure. And if they win any games it could lose them that pick (see Hoyer)
I agree.
let me just say TRIBE needs 4 wins that's all. Browns might have a chance at 2 wins...maybe lol
How did you answer?
Coworker asked me who will win more games? Browns all season or TRIBE in the World Series 😂😂



Buck lost me when he called that Packers Vikings game where Randy Moss fake mooned GB and he acted like Moss killed someone
the silver lining in Cardinals not making playoffs was no Buck.
I listened to TV crew some last night. Buck was fine. Went on and on abt Lindor and Kluber. He'll be unbearable in Chicago.
that would be Joe Buck.
I usually listen to the local Cleveland radio broadcast of Indians games. Feels like I won't want to listen to Fox bcast.Too much Cubs slant



if i tried to drop twitter right now, though, i’d probably have a hard time with that
yeah, i gradually weaned myself off of it over 6 months or so.
... maybe I just need to remove the app from my phone (no notifications) and just use the site once in a while &amp; keep the chat
I deleted my FB account over a year ago and haven’t looked back.
Everyday I'm getting more and more sick of #Facebook, considering how prolific it is, is it possible to truly disengage from that site?



I'm trying man I'm trying.. tryna stay above water &amp; focused until I'm where I need to be. Proud of you to foo &amp; thats 💯
proud of you too my G fr
off rip bro 💯
respect bro! 💯🙏🏾
Before the Army I was wild doing dumb shit in relationships Now I'm just ready to settle down and enjoy life and adventure with somebody💯🙌🏾



and the twice a day traffic shit show with parents
Yep and the windows are open an it scares the shit outta ya
this happens every morning even in the summer when there is no school
Lol  garbage day here to an i live next to the school.  Same. Thing.
5:30am and the garbage truck slams the dumpster to the groundat the school across the street, won't miss that when we move



Well, that is just simply the limit! A lesson for sure! Glad you made an example of him! Rrrrrrrroar!
and then that mouse had the nerve to try to eat our kibble!  Let this be a lesson fur all the other mousies!  😼🔪🐭
I don't know what the mouse was thinking??  Why come into a house with 2 ferocious felines??
Yay, you great hunter. I’ve killed lots of lizards and bugs but never a mouse.
I killed a mouse today!  😼



Bruh it's a long story but just know he ain't call back
how do you not know LOL
I'm actually confused
LOL
I think I'm single idk tho



that...was disturbing.
started at 315.  20 minutes in and I'm already at a loss for words....
it's rough
missed it Sunday, and someone canceled my recording :)  I'm never up this late, but I'm staying up to watch replay at 3:30!
I'm not ready for this episode fam



Yea, it's huge the game play. It's got everything, spend the Money &amp; go Premium. Great DLC no lie.
oh damn let me get that
it's great nothing less.
how is it bro
Them snipers be fuckin' me up in Battlefield 1. I'm bout to get right though ...



okay link
my shot is awful we will play for 5 lmaoooo
ready?
after 2 1nds
u down for a 2v2 chall??



that literally is the Saddest Ellen I could ever imagine oh my gosh
I pet a Disneyland kitten today!!! And tried to post it on my snap but my phone died 😢
I'm just kidding I love you ❤️
fuckin' stay there
You can see so many stars here, it's beautiful. Home is nice 😊



he wasn't even there in class lmao. I think they find out that he was skipping.
always got shit to tell each other. I'm surprised u ain't tell me shit while you were in government 💀
there isn't a day where we don't talk shit. It's like a must every time we see each other.
LMAO. Tbh.
when we not talking shit, that's how you know that's not normal



I hope sometime in the near future we will all be reunited again. We are still young and there's a lot to explore
Then I wanna go home, but I don´t wanna leave Vancouver because I feel like this is where I should be, but at the same time...
by friends and people I love and be able to really go all out on what I want to do.
like it was a temporary stage towards something else and I hate it. I just want to find a place to settle down and be surrounded
I wish I have something longer term to look forward to??? I feel like I've essentially been going from place to place and everything felt



yes ma'am! Love you sis 😊
of course. Stay positive and you 💕
awww my girl!!!! Thank you. It's always so good to hear encouragement 💛💛💛
❤️ you Alonna, always with the positive messages
You can't have a spirit of Discernment without letting the Holy Spirit TEACH You on How to Hear and how To see, both naturally&amp;spiritually



helping out mowing yeah with the our buddy!
exactly it's crazy! Work this morning?
rather just get 0! It's more embarrassing to give a few cents
man I got a .10 tip on Sunday smh
Well I got a $40 tip and then a $.30 tip just shows the high and low point of my day



If it's turned-based definitely assume control. Making it AI just creates another variable you can't control.
It'd be cool to implement a coop mode w this feature though. Not sure how accessible that'd be on the roblox platform tho.
Personally I don't find AI companions very fun or game-changing, they're often just... there.
Is this for BS? How's the combat work right now? I think that would be an important influence on the direction you take.
theoretically, lets say you have a companion, should it be controlled by the leader or act depending on the situation in the fight?



not the same raves as y'all but Lauren said we were pregamning together and ur coming to the edm brunch
wait what raves are you doing this weekend
ILL SEE YOU TMRW!!!!!!
good morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GOOD MORNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



SHIT forgot about the whole time difference crap 😁😁😁
Good story &amp; BTW Todd &amp; Dan need callers tonight ... 😂
Yes he managed to blow the marble out of his nose. Seriously almost SHIT my pants. 😟😟😟
Good thing he doesn't listen to Dark Matter yet ... "Snacks up your ass ..." 🙃 (Hope everything's OK though) 😘
got my back on this one #InkMaster 🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘



I don't know! Cleveland can't match the pitching depth that the Cubs have and I'm hoping that's what tips the scales our way!
1-0 baby. That's what I'm talking about. I hope they dont have to wait another 108 years, but I hope they do have to wait 1 more
come on now!
go tribe.
#WorldSeries



love you most bb 💕
can relate. Ily 😘
cries bc lonely
!!!!
its just cute couples on my TL now..... time 4 me to go, i don't belong



thank you so so much! We're praying hard down here!
praying so hard man! Im happy for your family that he's finally getting the surgery he needs.
I'm at the hospital. Dad's surgery started around 2-3 am. Please keep those prayers up for a tough 8-10 hour transplant. God is good.
Surgery is on! Please continue the prayers, now comes the long part! God is good.
Please keep my dad in your prayers. 3rd time called down to the hospital this month, hoping this is the time the transplant finally happens.



I forgot to warn you about that lmao. He just gets very excited!
I took him out of the kennel and he got all happy I carried him and he peed😒 I threw his ass right back in
sucks to be U 😂
wanna know who I hate?? BENJI. HE PEED ON ME.
I seriously feel like one of my bffs hates me now ☹️



Continuing to supporting Democrats and not getting anything out of it says otherwise
I agree....it's just that less than 5% who votes AGAINST their interest. 95% of us know what we're doing. #winning
Didn't say they were but this is the 3rdtime a large amount of black people voted4a president that couldn't care less about them
over 90% of us aren't stupid for voting for HRC. We have a reason for voting the way we do. Do u know why ur voting 4 Trump
Hillary would be our 3rd black president if by "black president" u mean another president with a lot of black support doing nothing for them



I'm two weeks😂
show me then 🤔😂
watch 😎😂
u sure u been saying this smh lol
Okay I made up my mind...No more eating out for two weeks, and I'm saving all the money I can lmfao



Jesus fucking Christ how is that even possible? My friend who is waiting till marriage for sex is at least a 72
his Rice score is hands down 100
How much good boy points does he have?
remind me to tell you about my WoW obsessed, mega loser of a cousin sometime 😂
Do people still play world of Warcraft? Like that sounds like such an iconic mid 2000s thing but it still exists???



finished all of scream season 2 dam I had a feeling it was him , but of course it's gonna continue lol
you'll love it
I seen the first season just not the 2 . It's already good 😌
you'll be sooooo freaking on the edge of your seat
Time to watch #Scream season 2😌



Ah. I got one from O’Reilly japan.  Might talk to a lawyer, but no idea what the ROI would be
legit oreilly Japan. And some guy via email for Turkey I think.
Did they look legit and you didn’t feel like a lawyer, or did they look scammy?
was offered twice but didn't follow through
Anyone sell translation rights to their sel-published book?



I was coming from my crib out there by yours 😕
wtf 😭 Why?
nvm I was out front of your crib last night 🤕
yes?
Pooh ?



well I ended up eating a bag of goldfish
loving their man and making bomb ass sandwiches for sure👌🏼
what are wife's for
make me something too while you're at it
Hate staying up this late bc I always get hungry but too lazy to get up and eat.



book. BOOK. we need BOOK!!
for my followers who are considering leaving due to basketball coverage: soon I will also resume livetweeting my grocery store trips
current favorite teams:1) cavs (GO CAVS)2) 76ers (gotta support my fellow Shirley Templer)3) OKC (Russ)4) clippers (i like them)19) GSW
go cavs
trade everybody



so yeah full frame. Man I wish the 4K on the mark 4 wasn't bollocks. I miss full frame.
5D Mk II
are you shooting on a full frame rig? 5dmkiii? I'm thinking of getting a focal reducer for my setup since it's a 118mm on my panny.
I picked up one. My favorite thing about it is the bokeh.
So any m43 shooters out there who are wondering if the Helios 44-2 is worth it? It is. I lucked into a solid one. Magical.



WHAT AM I GUNNA DO WITHOUT YOU
no dude I wanted to do fucking bad ! But I can't I need to save money lol everyone is telling me to go but to much money already
youre not going?!?
fucking lucky ass
2 MORE DAYS BITCHES



Class of 1993! Speech Comm major, Theater minor, RA in Tut and Palmer. Roll Tide!
Yes! Class of 1995.
I was passed out in a cold medicine haze on Saturday and missed the whole thing. Did you go to UA?
Roll Tide! If Toby had paused that A&amp;M game Saturday, he would be dead now.
So, I'm in the middle of your wonderful #ThisIsUs recap when you mentioned wanting to call home after a Bama win &amp; GIRL ME TOO!



im hurt you
sorry private
bro.... thats homosexual chill
wazzup man. Pull up with dem dickzz
Next time im home ill be at the usc track running if yall want these hands on the corps was up



It's just like the structure Academy, it's practically just a long class. Doesn't mean I'm hired anywhere
calfire academy??? Why have I not heard about this?
in January for the calfire Academy.
you need to come visit me. And take a break from susie
Waking up like this never gets easier.



lol blow a grand?👀 shit I wish i had that to blow😂😂😂
omg I want to come with bout to blow a grand at the malls I love it up there and prob gone get my second tat by the same dude
lol ive never been to Raleigh
I need to make my way back to Raleigh I miss it up there 💯😒
Durham bound today



very much so! And I charged it once I got to work. Shot from 13% to 64% in mere seconds!
That is weird. And frustrating
it's a 6s! started draining battery before the iOS 10 update. Just weird today! An old one did it when it got too cold.
Is it an old phone?
Nothing like my iPhone going from 66% to 13% in 15 min..only took 1 pic &amp; texted hubby that I was at work. So tired of battery draining



TELL ME!! :)
Feel free to share them my way. You would like what I'm working on right now :)
But would be fun to sketch, draw and scope all the random ideas I have. Surely that would produce some tangental benefits somewhere else.
In Q1 of 2016 I did a new product build once a month in 24 hours. That was fun. Team can't handle more product right now.
Thinking I might block off every Friday for a month to mockup and dabble with new ideas.



lady sells and she said they do fundraisers. Amazing scents!
wonderful! Thank you Margaret, feel free to email us at fundraising.org for ideas or support x
that is a great idea! Thanks for the reply. I will do my best to come up with something. Talk to you again. xox
thanks for the support Margaret, why don't you hold an event or fundraiser - that way you can support our work from afar! x
How do you volunteer for the Foundation if you live in Canada? Is it possible? I really wish I could help somehow.



oh ok. I guess that's the magic of the Internet haha glad your day went well!
doing good. it's night time over here though. xD
good morning. How are you doing today?
morning~ ^^
Good morning everybody! :D



lol nah b, but we are cool ☺️
so it's on?
😂😂 daddy lumba's mom 🌚
👀
i love my mother in law 😹😊



I'm at the ER. Might put my head in my lap lol but that's the best I got.
lmao cant just close ya eyes and count sheep?
I would lol if it were that simple.
schleep
I'm so sleepy.😞



oh forreal Val? Das how you gone do me?
she said oh hey 😂
tell Val que su Tia says hi 😛😍
nah doods I'm at mi casa con Valeria chillin 👭
you busy bih?



Kelly's conflict with Trump is in the script.
Kelly's conflict with Trump will end. And she will be right there on Fox supporting Ryan's racist classist policies. That's her job.
Kelly has had no problem excusing police brutality, pushing her own racist narratives onto kids, and generally being a terrible person.
As I see white women throwing Kelly's name out as someone to admire I wonder just how close to white supremacy some of you want to be.
reminding folks that Megyn Kelly is not any kind of feminist icon to WOC. Not with all that racism.



smh 😒 not even. I heard lightskin folks stay cold. And while we're on it, you only like a shade darker than me though 🤔
it felt like 80 cause you lightskin smh
Not always though. It didn't start getting cold until this week. Last week, I was out here wearing a dress, vibin in the 80s.
it's New York, it's always cold
Bruh, it's dumb cold today 😒



oh well,  can’t always be on top!
USA is weird. None of us understand it either.
it’s just, ever since I can rme we here, the credit card by default had the PIN number same as the debit  which can be changed.
Some do have the option, but it's rare. Seen a couple of customers at work that have to pin with their chip cards.
So why hasn’t the US of A added pins the the credit Chip cards



I agree. Insulate. But the Retained salary sucks and why blow the cap on risky UFAs that restrict paying the young studs
when you have 3 all stars on ecls you have no better time to load up
Wrong. Mentality is to win every game right now. Management controls the time frame. That mentality though is fragile.
if that isn't their plan, which I guarantee it is, then they are morons.  Never have more cap room than the next 2 yrs..
The only reason they don't? They will not deviate from #theplan which includes trusting #Hunter and his drafting. Allow picks to develop.



ie: hold down the SHIFT KEY for words you want capitalized, instead of willy-nilly CAPS LOCKING everything like a BARBARIAN :)
eH?
use the shift key like a civilized person. Only barbarians with poor manual dexterity use caps lock!
WHAT?! NO! HOW WILL YOU CONVEY ANGER OR EXCITEMENT?!
macOS Sierra lets you remap the esc key to another modifier key. Whew. Say g’bye, caps lock :) #newmacbookpro



Yes, shipping highest ROI fastest is the goal. Build options &amp; their cost must be considered to hit that goal.
there's ROI on all that we build. Customers prioritize based on highest ROI, which is impacted by build cost
What for Jay?
you're missing another qualifier: your competition sucks. We do the first two and need estimates constantly.
"If you're making people awesome &amp; delivering value continuously, somehow people stop caring about estimates." - #ModernAgile



love you more 💕
love u
you're so cute ❤️
it's okay you deserve it
the amount of times i have pressed snooze today is embarrassing



it's a global econ. Forigen firms build plants in US. US builds plants overseas. been going on for decades
Made in the USA used 2 mean something, now all the manufacturing jobs are elsewhere. Why? So Corporate America can get more $
To make matters even worse, you have pundits like Joe &amp; the like create wedges, and offer opinions that have no substance.
I know many people who think both parties are just in it for themselves, thus they both suck of the teats of wall street.
I voted for Perot, he was right about Nafta &amp; so was I. Why are some people  voting for Trump? He isn't Hillary, &amp; vice versa



Nah. Not really.
take off your rose colored glassed and actually LOOK...she's not only biases but very nasty
I don't think Megyn Kelly is biased. Everyone on the right seems to think she is, but I don't see it. 🙃🙃🙃
you can like her just don't call her a real unbiased journalist
Some folks on the right seem to be upset because I'm not name-calling and bashing Megyn Kelly. I like her. Deal with it. 😘



YOUR AGE DO NOT DETERMINE YOUR CHILDLIKE NATURE, U CAN ALWAYS BE A CHILD @ ❤️
LMAO I STILL FEEL LIKE A CHILD
YES BECAUSE SEVENTEEN COMES AFTER SIXTEEN AND YOU WERE BORN ALMOST SEVENTEEN YEARS AGO
CAN YOU BELIEVE ILL BE 17 WOW
IM TRYNA BE PATIENT FOR ANOTHER FUCKING HOUR BUT IT'S HHAAAARRRDDD



Chris wld correct him with facts, and to u and ur idiot candidate, I walked to store, got two loaves of bread, ddnt get SHOT👍🏽👍🏽
listening to his remarks❓you can't argue that CCuomo would not let RJuliano answer a question w/o interruption #truthmatrs
just by listening to his remarks and how he refuse to allow rational thoughts and statements to come out if his mouth
and your verdict is based on what evidence #truthmatrs
Rudy Giuliani has really showed his true colors, dumb as a bag of ROCKS!!!😳😳



it even my car smh just posing next to somebody car
same one in your avi
what car?
broke people don't get cars. Cars need maintenance and that equal money.
I'm the brokest nigga on twitter R didn't know you know about "broke"



can't forget him but his time is over
did you forget about who is still in the east ? 🤔
we bout to reclaim our thrown in the east
false ✋🏽
After we trade for boogie straight to the finals ☘️



I mean it's not all bad it's a huge blessing I have that all. I guess I didn't realize how important distance to them was for me
😔💕
idk. It's more the people. My family is so close to me, they care about me so much, its a huge absence when I'm in SM
don't worry, it will become your second home-which is almost equally as homey as home 💕
Once you visit home for a few days you realize how much college *isn't* home. It's really hard not to feel isolated



yes at both :-(
do you work tomorrow 😱
dude yes come and eat tomorrow even if I'm not here!
omg save me some 😩
Came home to green posole thanks to mom ❤️🙏🏼



Na I meant if ur just wasting ur time at school doing nothing
you are right but I am not a dumbass for going to school
Not much but it's better than 0
how much though
Hahahah I'm making money while u in school or at home eating shit u dumbasses



people are gonna think she's cute no matter what. and learning to make those decisions is a developmental milestone!
And I want her to look cute in her clothes because I don't.
But Nola is a "perfect" child. Not really I know, but she's smart and cute and everyone immediately falls in love with her.
I've been having some mental health issues since Nola was born and you could say I'm not living my best life.
I'm about to say something here about #parenting and #life and you might have to stick with me for a minute.



oh yes! The best feeling ever
blazing by yourself and listening to music or watching a movie is great honestly😅 there's no one to bug you!
omg I know it's great!
it's relaxing😅
Love getting high alone sometimes. 😁🍃



that's why your ass gone stay thirsty
😅
😑😑
about to get some apple juice wby?
wyd 🤔



thanks for da tip
marijuana is spanish
ADIOS HOMBRE
puta
I need a friend who'll help me practice my Spanish #plz



how bad was it, u got pics? Lmao
na there was nothing to stich so I'm just letting it heal lol
fuuuuck lol u get stitched up?
I got cut last Thursday a piece of steel sliced a chunk of meat off my hand lol
My thumb is throbbing in pain ..that cut was no joke, basically tore off the top layer of skin..good thing it wasn't much



yes he was a lot more into than i thought he'd be. super good live
he's awesome huh?Such a cool guy.
i saw ahj this weekend and u woulda loved it
Bet dude. I'll show you mi corazon
show me your favorite songs the ones that make you feel things.



I'm sorry for your loss of foot wear
Yeah. Idk. My life. 😅
umm 😂wut😂
Also. I accidentally flushed my sock down the toilet. What a day, guys. What. A. Day.
OK BOY. If you're going to sit with me at dinner, don't roast me the whole time plz. I'D RATHER EAT ALONE. THX.😐



It's even more annoying knowing that Joe Carnahan wrote the script. Potentially great script wasted on mediocre filmmaker.
I'd be this optimistic if studios didn't think the right director/writer would be Shawn fucking Levy
Get the right director/writer to conjure up a fun story to tell within that genre, slap the title on and bam.
I think games like UNCHARTED or RED DEAD REDEMPTION are great starting points for fun exercises in specific genres.
Hacks helming them aside, why are studios greenlighting adaptations of video-game franchises that are far past their peak popularity?



true that but I'm ok with it as long as the Spurs are playing like that 👍🏻
I think they're bench is fine they just have ZERO rim protection. Like it's sad
juco and the D league! Ya I've been saying they defense and bench are trouble. Nobody listened...Spurs looked fresh and excited
warriors need some rim protection or it's gonna be a short postseason bro.. I know you're loving Simmons. Where he come from??
I love being a Spurs fan



how mad are you lol
you cant be this childish
S
what man
yo



oh wow makes me feel better 😉
im here now all that matters
bro Idk what's going on
😘😘
Shouldn't have left my bed to come to class



I'm sure!! 😍 I'm beyond jealous
I've got pictures and video to prove it 😉 Best. Night. Ever.
OMG!!! No girl! Please tell soon! 😍
and I were sang this song by Russell Dickerson himself. 😍
I came to life when I first kissed you, the best thing has his arms around me. You make me better than I was before..Thank God, I'm yours ❤️



thanks for the ❤️, they do a good job
you have a good staff and a good group of kids. Stay on them and y'all will be fine this season
thanks gonna need it!
good luck this season Coach 👍🏿🏀
Good Luck to all our basketball coaches and players this season, 1st day of our season begins today 💯



I wanna try a lot of other things. Singing to my own music would be cool but I'm trying to start with just a beat first
what kinda music u wanna make like singing or some shit
unhelpful
ur hot
I'm too fucking uneducated about it though I don't know how to make my own shit or anything



gimmie kiss
you ain't got too.
bet Idc 🙄
girl don't do the most, bet you won't get another text!
Bree got raped txtn me



my mom went in a ditch 😂
scoop I'll shmoke a wood
bring me a wood hoe
bring me a backwood 😁
Wish Val liked backwoods 🙄



hahaha they gonna hate me back east but all the harlem cats that moved to LA gon love me lol
bruh!!!! straight collect, half of harlem might hate you for bringing chopped cheeses out west BUT fuck it!!! get rich!
i gotta open up my chopped cheese cart stat, post up outside sneaker lineups and get rich
*tears* sooo much ramen in your future
nothing to see here, just moving across the country in 32 hours, not freaking out or anything



at least I'm light skinned
and you're a sardine
no you're a squid
remember I said I was a seahorse miss Tina
Watched a documentary on the life of a seahorse earlier and now I'm watching this short film on Yellowstone National Park. Shit is good



&amp; me. 😂
Brenda wants to kill me when I tell her how much I procrastinate 😂😂
I like feeling not stressed and I think Brenda would rather not you teach anyone that 😂
I can teach you my ways 😏
procrastination stresses me out. Idk how she does it



wow y u gotta hit a girl man ?
👊🏻
👊🏼
I'll fight you
This sucks. All of this.



Of course! I've looked up online tips on how to conceal a nose ring using makeup. I'll be ok. 😉
oh that is still pretty new. You'll figure something out, hopefully to where you can keep it! Sorry I couldn't offer more help
I've thought about that, but my piercing is so new. It could close up instantly if I take it out. Got pierced late September
Idk if you've considered/learned about this yet but there are also clear retainer studs you can wear
when I go clothes shopping for work.



pinky promise?
next time I'm in mhk we're catching hella Pokemon.
ughhh 😭😭 I miss you too! I wanna go catch Pokémon like we used to!! 😔😔
miss you. cheer up, buttercup
Literally have never been more annoyed.



to babysit lmao.
hopefully I can find a babysitter! I'll let you kno.
It starts at 8! 😬😬😬
I totally forgot! 😳😳 what time does it start again?
wooohoooo!!



ayy you could come haha
true but STILLL !!
I bought a six pack on the way home u said u had to go home foo
hoe asssssssssssssssssssss
someone come hang and finish these beers w me



So, will we ever see them? or even the 128gbs?
you get cranky about the same kind of stuff I do. 😄 Cracks me up.
How do you mean don’t change?
I don't know, but don't ever change. 😄
Does the matte black #iPhone7 Plus 256GB model actually exist or is it just a rumor? And if so, WHERE THE F**K CAN YOU FIND THEM!?



hit me up u know I'm down for whatever ayyy (;
aye round two this Friday ;)
bitch I miss u haven't seen you since that party lmao
bitch where
if u don't know me or hang with me I feel bad for you bc I'm a great person and I'm funny af.



clearly somebody who don't have $200 😒
who you think you talking to?
can you PayPal me $200 to get it redone then? Thanks.
then take it out
So ready to take my hair out😖



unpackaged syrup?
no I just went there and they gave us packaged syrup ...... I'm out after that 😂😂
you're tripppin to the max rn 😂
it is not that good 😂😂😂
i swear to god i would transfer back to Tarleton State JUST to be close to peacocks!



you Berkeley people are crazy!!!!!



who is our?
wow this was very relevant to all our lives thank you!!!!!!!!!!
I love using the exclamation point



it's gonna be in the summer tho
yeah for sure man LOL but you sure you wanna visit my area? LA is a lot better for beaches
can me and my gf stay at your house in the summer, we might go to Cali for vacation for 2-3 days
nearest beach is about 30-45 mins what's up
hey do you live near the beach?



too easy bro lol I been writin raps all night &amp; gettin' paid couldn't have a better job fareal.
easy money get that fool. Liam keeping me up watching tv smh 😂
😂 Work nigga 💸
night owl lol
4:12 AM



yes I said but the car parked they said it don't matter the seat wrong 😭😭 get in back for a pic
they told you to just sit in the back? 🤔🤔 wth
and it's sad they telling me what I should lmao you should have just got in the back
people always make a big deal girl.. especially on the internet
the car was parked tho lol they doing most over a pic



you just responded to someone that said she was lol
no you haven't . Show some tweets. You are just saying it
nah I don't see some ignorant folks man smh
you are the only one saying it
Ciara is being called a hoe for being pregnant by her husband ? Lol the hell wrong with y'all . Y'all value BF/Gf relationships too much



😂😂😂 got a big family
real shit 😂. I be like damn Kenzie gettin the likes up 🤔😂
They fwm on the book 😂
dawg you got all the juice on FB lmao
58 min



, isn't that the point of the game?
Fun night. The heroes won Betrayal-we had the new expansion cards but an old haunt. Dr. Lucky was killed-is that good?
, great! How did you do? I haven't played either, but I've heard good things about both.
we played Betrayal and Kill Dr. Lucky at our October meet up.
Do you plan or go to Halloween board game gatherings? If so, what games do you like to bring or play to celebrate?



okay i'll be over friday night
fuck
what u tryna do bitch
wassup stupid dumb bitch
wassup bitch



hahaha! Mine would do the same thing. I would always throw the "you're the one that taught me" card..😂
Absolutely! (although if he continues to tell me how to drive, one of us won't be around long - kidding)
I understand! I was my Dad's caregiver for years. It's not an easy thing, but we do what we have to!
Thank you! Family dynamics changed &amp; I'm now responsible for more of his care. I'm learning as I go.
Prayers for your dad! 🙏🙏 And for you, as well! Hugs!



you doing great
I'm tryna get like you!
😂😂😂😂 tryna get like you
you got fucking money 😂
Think ima pick up that 7 plus this weekend 🤔



WAIT DO YOU HAVE A PASS NOW
I pet a Disneyland kitten today!!! And tried to post it on my snap but my phone died 😢
I'm just kidding I love you ❤️
fuckin' stay there
You can see so many stars here, it's beautiful. Home is nice 😊



oh I'm aware
she was on here phone last night
@ Kathy
tag em
When a girl tries to talk baseball with ya and they don't understand that the World Series is a series... Lol there's more games 😂



I'm pleased you knew what I meant
oh I'm Getting It alright 😏😏😏
no,I'm gonna get it. I just have to get the existing thing into gdocs but my iPad is being ugly abt that. You're Getting It.
it's ok the boner I got from talking about it is still real
Cool, not sure if I can recover roachie and soltians fics I was working on. The universe is angry at my Sept bday friends. Sigh.



to be fair the Thunder DID make the playoffs last year 😉
well if history repeats itself then yeah
we don't even know if we suck yet we haven't played a game!
bc they suck get over it
Upset that the Suns and thunder have 8 combined games on national TV and the Warriors alone have 30



even Cleveland o stat master
The Cubs won 103 games. Every team needed a DH against them. Your Twins had a DH and won 59 games
The Bucs seem to need one when they play the Cubs
hatred for the Cubs &gt; DH
It's great to see you rooting for the team with the DH.



I'm excited to hit the stage on Thursday :)
good lol
I think I chilled to hard I forgot I djayed lol
same dude. I was bummed I had no gigs for a min, but it's actually hella valuable studio and chill time
Honestly this month break of not playing shows and staying in making music has been so fucking awesome and productive v much needed



see you later then.
setting off now. Arrive tonight
when you arriving?
. See you there!
On my way to New York to meet loads of friends and colleagues #ABCT2016 &amp; celebrate #ABCT50Lucky, lucky me 😀



And  I'd be surprised if Apple was using Swift for anything like that at this point given how the syntax continues to change.
I don't think the programming language is the utmost concern with problems like these.
Swift itself ain't that stable.
Ergg, skeptical of this one. Many mission-critical systems are written in C or similar.
I wonder if Swift is important part of Apple's car work. The stability concerns make a lot of sense for mission critical systems like cars.



well I have an oily t zone and then patches of dry skin on like my cheek in the winter
no I just wanna put my damn skin type in my health app 😂
bro I've been watching makeup tutorials all month. Idk if u wanna do that lmao
how how
JUST figured out my skin type. (It's combination)



It might finally be time to put on pants. #holdingout #IMissSummer
it might be time to close the swimming pool #imisssummer
it might be time to take out the AC #imisssummer
It might finally be time to close the bedroom window. #imisssummer
It might be time to turn the heat on soon #holdingout #IMissSummer



see you there /goes to work hard and save up/ lol
sets goals lmaooooooooooooooooooo has a savings fund saving up until then LMAO
yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
maybe by then we can go lmaooooooooooo
imagine,the next Dome in 4 years #optimisticmood



me too we need to kick it more like the old times ! &amp; love u too ❤️, good night.
well glad we hung out g I love you bro goodnight ❤️
I know me too 😘
fureals I missed you 😕❤️
❤️🤘🏼



let me know 💁🏼 it's free. It's their intrasquad meet. Going to be nosey 😝
hmmm 🤔
MSU at 6p
where and when?!
Who wants to go watch some wrestling with me tomorrow (Thursday)?



they look decent fr fr. I'm tryna cop a pair, but the shoe stores don't have the colorways I like. 🙄😒
of course I fall in love with the NMD's... never worn a pair of shoes so comfortable... I need more
yeahhh, you like em?
that is the Human Race???
Pharrell's collab w/ adidas on these NMDs are decent, but $340 fam? skrt skrt !



you got that right
Fandom can be myopic &amp; not logical at times Raider Brother. We all want to win so bad that we don't always think straight.
I just don't understand the logic... or should I say the lack of logic
Don't rip on him to hard Raider Brother.
Someone wants to trade Irvin to ATL for a 7th rd pick? What?! You sound like someone who goes 1-16 on madden franchise mode...



thats what i get for dealing with tards instead of food
days off in the literal middle of the week seems to friggin weird............
I did. this schedule is bleh
I was just thinking I should finally tell you the plan! :B wait until you to y slaughter house bourbon tho it's faster stuff
as I get drunk off baker's bourbon. no nothing still beats it other than bookers



...appealed to the Circuit Court, however (we think that's what the plan was to begin with).
Ok!
I'll talk to you about it
More info, please??
Wow, I'm totally seeing an argument AGAINST rental properties using a strawman.



I just have a habit of bitting it I don't know why
what happened??Ima send some chap stick your way lol
it is 😩
JESUS that sounds painful
I peeled the skin from my lip



wrist....... WATCH
Clock
watch.
Nope,
kyrie gone lead the league in scoring this year watch



why don't you go to sleep?😂
barely
oh look you're still awake🙆🏻🙆🏻🙆🏻
never
you can't miss your opportunities 😂



nooo...... lol
don't tell me you did it
NO!?😱
no
I really want to shave my head again and get a tattoo right on my head!😫💯



yes. "Cure with gas chamber"--what do you think the irony refers to (assuming in this context not an actual gas chamber)?
Do you realise quote is about gas chambers?
"to kill with kindness"? (i.e., offering a shower with the disguised goal of beating your foe, etc.)
I went for "cure". Hmu if you have better.
Sorry to ask something so grim but how would you translate «лечить в газовой камере»?



Attn: tweet-up at the Nordstrom Cafe/everyone must order chai/everyone must french kiss a cinnamon stick
I like Starbucks too but NC is like French kissing a cinnamon stick!!!
I'm a dumb lil chai noob and all I've had is store brands and Starbucks! I need to go to Nordstrom STAT 🚨🚔🚨🚔
where's ur fav chai from for me it's the Nordstrom cafe
I just desperately wrote "iced vanilla chai" in tiny handwriting on a post-it note at work.



100%. White males can scream loudly on their way down but they're still falling into the abyss. Meanwhile I'm ::dark Phoenix gif::
to someone like Trump, is a REACTION to something that's already happened.
The reality is, liberals have won 5 of last 6 popular vote elections because we are not Archie Bunker’s country anymore. And haven't been.
Brexit didn’t have a gendered component that would reasonably skew a vote difference. All of American politics does. Every last race.
Here’s the thing I think I understand about why America isn’t going to “brexit”: UK is 92% white. US is 64%, and shrinking every four years.



yaaay okay 😊💃🏽
we can! Lol just gotta get u some teeth I got blood and a choker for u too if u want
so we twinning 😊
I'm being a vampire! I have another vampire outfit that I was gonna wear last year that I never did and it would prolly fit u
Any ideas for a cute girl Halloween costume🤔



I know. I felt bad 😂
don't get to serious cousin haha
it wasn't my fault. He needs to stop play fighting with me 😂🙄
that's not nice...
Me &amp; borris were play fighting &amp; I accidentally punched him in the mouth 😂



miss you guys too. My birthday should be a movie:
but but we miss you ! I'm about to sell my pizza zoo ticket
nah sold my tickets lol
am I seeing you Friday and Saturday? 👀
I got all my cousins in VA on to a boogie. Now they out here bumping this is what that jungle do, and we literally live in the jungle:



their*
I understand that I'm not saying there season is done I'm just saying people were calling me dumb for saying they'll lose 18
first game in the regular season and they played the best defensive team in the NBA. Lebron and the heat lost their 1st game
that were telling me they'd be better than they were last year
Where are the GSW dick riders lmao



you wont be there lmao
whyyyy
plz slap yoself
see ya there 😉
Can't wait for this weekend



Lmaoo that's true
nope we better off as friends lol
gimme a chance, I know what I like lol
I've asked girls their favorite dates or ideas for things they like and hoes draw up blanks lmfaoo how I know if we compatible ??
I was texting a girl the other day askin what music she likes and the artists. Bitch gon tell me hip hop rap list two people n said idk



sure thing. Thanks for offering your help. :)
Sweet. Thanks! Btw, let us know if you need help with the Vega/Vega-Lite integration :-D
yes.. Go to texttile.io we just loaded the Vispub data this morning.
Can we use it? It looks super useful.
Have multiple text fields? No problem. TextTile got your back. :)



I wanna save money on Hotels 😢😩
yeah for sure man LOL but you sure you wanna visit my area? LA is a lot better for beaches
can me and my gf stay at your house in the summer, we might go to Cali for vacation for 2-3 days
nearest beach is about 30-45 mins what's up
hey do you live near the beach?



yup. I DEF GET THIS. luckily oliver still lets me choose his clothes but i hear girls are different
And I want her to look cute in her clothes because I don't.
But Nola is a "perfect" child. Not really I know, but she's smart and cute and everyone immediately falls in love with her.
I've been having some mental health issues since Nola was born and you could say I'm not living my best life.
I'm about to say something here about #parenting and #life and you might have to stick with me for a minute.



Nope. He is doing what needs to be done to win games. That's what a professional gets paid for and what he loves to do
Just another hot take from the instant gratification generation.   What's your take on Millers use in playoffs?  Over use?
Just not sure 1 championship justifies a new title for a city
the teams are great this year, the city...not so much.
Hard to believe USA Today has article with the title about Cleveland is the New City of Champions. Guess expectations are lower these days



I see you like my idea!!! 😏
😂😂
I'm only napping if you nap with me!
lol! Go take a nap.
on her tattoo 😍😏



I know. Need him to be under control
let us pray for good jake tonight lol
clock will move slowly all day
good morning sir...time to tie this shit up tonight
Good morning



Noted!
: Watch the final/directors cut version.
Adding it to my watchlist. I'm sure I watched it as a tot but I don't remember.
: Blade Runner (1982) made me fall in love with filmmaking, and got me interested in genres, special effects and set design.
Talk to me about your fav films.



i just want the dining hall food😂
they lit. But vsu be lit ASF !
🙄
nah
😂 i shoulda went to gsu man.



yeah they are. You just never think about that stuff hitting home. I'm trying to get my fam out of Topeka.
All jokes aside, is your family okay?
when my phone is racist. 😂
I think you meant block.
That heart dropping moment you read about a murder on the same black as your parents live. Then find out it was right next door.



shit I bet
Jose was all looking 4you in the drain, under pallets, in the fajita pit, in the lady's restroom, by the frog legs EVERYWHERE
ima be on probation for awhile 🌚
nah I fucked big time otc
don't got no regrets pulling that crash dummy stunt at work to watch the Spurs game. I ain't mad at ya.



November 28th - December 1st
when's that? Lol
damn lmao throw one when I come back 😭😭
probably this weekend
when you throwing another party 🤔



you know bro just laying low stacking cake.  Just got back in Philly where the fuck you been brozayyy lol
I peep you on my ig TL doing big things tho. Eveyrthubg been going kosher ?
bro remember that time at that  party I had I had white girls running around the house naked lmao
woah, woah, woah Lmaoo my nigga don't even. You fell off the planet !
have so many priceless memory's abs now he acts as if we've never met . . . . . .



be prepared for the huge wait !!!
dope I'm literally going to see you at 5 bitch ❤️
im working reach
WHAT
on dundas starting at 5 🍖🍖 #yourewelcome



damn i meant thursday sorry😬
u said Wednesday
that's tomorrow i think?
vball party 😭
yea i'm definitely coming home and falling asleep



Will do.
:-) Tell her RaChaCha says "hi!"
She has that title for life.
Did Kate Stathis win Best Circulation Manager??
"Best Of" party tonight? I'll be at the top of the stairs, greeting arrivals. Make sure you say hi! #roc



Love u &amp; want u 2 go get it over with TODAY. U raise my blood pressure.
You are the greatest friend, through thick &amp; thin. I'm giving myself time to accept what I might hear.
Ah Maryl! Damn. Get ur sorry butt back 2 the docs NOW. Yeah always scary
I'm avoiding them. Am so ill most days don't have energy to learn the truth. Scared &amp; in denial.
Any updates from doc?



IT WAS SO GOOD
i never finished cg it was such a trainwreck but it was Good
welcome
im in
Code Geass but fight club



I have plenty of friends and relationships here, but it's not the same as family who are 100% always there
😔💕
idk. It's more the people. My family is so close to me, they care about me so much, its a huge absence when I'm in SM
don't worry, it will become your second home-which is almost equally as homey as home 💕
Once you visit home for a few days you realize how much college *isn't* home. It's really hard not to feel isolated



this is the whitest thing you’ve ever said
true story: cough syrup isn't as bad as I remember because now I've had tequila and everything else is better by comparison
It’s not THAT bad.
that's because DayQuil is nasty
Emily takes a dose of DayQuil the way I assume someone does a shot of the most despicable Rum ever concocted.



*hugslot* that makes me so frigging happy for you!
Very :)
this is awesome news!!!!?
GO SUCK A DICK, PCOS. I WIN
The doc I was referred to is going to give me a full hysterectomy and I might actually cry right here in the parking lot



depends how lit
you better watch
you got a show to out on tomorrow wtf
✋🏼
Who's up



Still nice perk at end of day.
just beer and wine last night. No signature cocktail
How are the free margaritas going?
was he wearing his moon suit?
Crazy #dreams. In one, there was a storm or flood. We were trapped in a home. Three floors. Neil Armstrong and wife were there. Didn't want



how bad did you feel?! 😂😂😂😂😂 people recognize me all the time and I'm like UM WHO TF ARE YOU 😂😂
other homie and was like "dude I have no idea who tf that was" hahahahah
and then she goes "yeah um I sat next to you the entire semester" 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
yo this one time I introduced myself to my coworker &amp; she was like "we've met before, I was in your class" I was like OHSHIT FR?!
I hate when I'm out somewhere and I introduce myself to someone and they're like "yeah dude, we met each other before" smfh I suck hahah



I am! Next weekend!
Lol. I understand that!! I'm alright. Just trudging along. I know you're stoked your season is here!!
busy! How are you?
Coach where you been?? Ain't seen ya on here in a while!
Thankful and blessed to do what I love! #Hoops



Who got the fuckin' TIME
they really expect me to come in at 9am in a full face of make up/hair down/dress/heels to MASSAGE? N A H
Ouch :/
"We're part of the high fashion industry and we need our employees to look like it."
It's only my second day at work and I already got a complaint about my uniform and makeup/hair from my first day. Ouch.



that's dope as hell! Hopefully you can find one haha
that's dope man. I'm bouta go to Zia records sometime this week and cop another N64 since I found my cartridges.
yeah man this was my favorite game as a kid, I recently found it at goodwill for like two bucks! I had to cop it
bro that's dope as hell!
I should be asleep but instead I'm up playing jet set radio future.



Water resistant. I have meters. But thank you! 💋
I have no idea. It's water and electricity, I assume. Just be safe.
Only if it's plugged in?
Don't drop the phone. You'll get electrocuted.
I can't put the words together to correctly express the feels I'm feeling in this hot tub right now. Like, uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...



same😊
aww man that stinks they're literally the best I can read them all day everyday
oh shit. Christmas is coming😯 I had them when I was little but they were lost😐
SAME omg that just gave me Christmas ideas lol
I need Calvin and Hobbes cartoon books



well, it came out before use of unarmed drones was in such high quantities so it was more like fuck this actually happened
i think it's weird to use an anime to make your point but i agree with it nevertheless
irl
you mean irl or in the show
which is really fucked and scary



really? Mine kept saying the line was busy
they fucking picked up too, I'm done
i was so pissed lmao I thought my phone was done forever
I FUCKING DID IT TOO
I just opened julios link and my phone called freaking 911 a million times and barely paused long enough for me to turn my phone off



he did I'm trippin
he finished second in voting last year dog get with the times
Kawhi*
as much as I hate the spurs I appreciate y'all for last night. But now y'all got Kawi in the MVP talks 😒
Kawhi got 35pts and 5stl against the "best basketball team ever assembled" but it's cool I'm cool



twinsies. Also, I miss seeing ya around on the daily :/
you and me both😂
I feel like I can't handle the pressure of adulting 😂
so far it's not that bad I promise!
I'm not ready to be 20.



no tkhsss
póngase a estudiar mejorrr
ya sabes aquí con todooo 🙃
esa es la actitud!!!
Todavía ni presento y ya reprobé



My pleasure! But you've gotta holler!!
#deal. Thanks
Which tickets would you want, Air Supply or the Dawgs? I can help you with the latter!
I will punch that card in exchange for the tickets! Otherwise #fuhgeddaboudit
game to attend Air Supply concert in Winston Salem!



how do u say no to that #youdont
I'll have breakfast waiting for you 😏
be there by sunrise 🌤
come to Tempe 😈
so freakin bored



we all know I was grounded half the summer too and didn't have any social media or snapchat or even a PHONE to follow you 🙃
okay listen I wasn't follwing y'all
not like I worked there or anything🙄
you too
and Tiff. 😭



what? Lol
blank tweet
🤔
Nah imagine
F/A



it's times like these where I wish I had artistic abilities
Ill roll you around work "lets go Olivia, time to get back"
gosh I would love that
You will transcend beyond your physical body and become one with the pumpkin.
o yes I forgot to mention that I have pumpkin scented perfume can I finally transform into a pumpkin now



ooooo you know imma get a LOT
ooooh girl get it!
a hot ass tinder date that's what 😏
what does this mean? It's so cryptic.. are you murdering someone or what?
Can I get off work now? I need to go home and PREPARE.



definitely check it out it's fun.
I have no idea what that other one is but you're giving it a high bar by grouping it with Tucker and Dale. I should watch it
I think that and "Behind the Mask: the Rise of Leslie Vernon" are the best alternate takes on horror flicks
it is quite a gem
Man I always forget what a fun take Tucker and Dale Vs Evil is on the hillbilly slasher film.



I'm not a diehard Indians fan
diehard cubs fans hate the white sox
I win either way, plus he has been a Reds fan for 40years
You would cheer for a team you have only liked for 2 years over your 82yr grandfather's Cubs winning one in his lifetime 😬
Let's go Indians #cityofchampions



I h8 you
today is the day he realizes he is in love with me...just wait on it guys
update: we made SERIOUS eye contact today and basically had like eye sex. we're literally gonna date soon #waitonit
update: we matched on tinder but haven't talked yet. he makes me really nervous and sweaty
i sat next to a really cute boy and hopefully he gets the hint i wanna marry him.i also hope he doesn't follow me on twitter



my parents still claim me on their income tax so they can reap the benefits. Lol even though I'm 19 and don't even live there
I mean I would assume... it's an option when doing your taxes so I would think it was the same
I didn't know you could even do that???
file as an independent shawty
I literally get so annoyed doing the FAFSA because my parent's income literally has NOTHING to do with me. I get $0 from them.



not for you
well gee fuhchen I thought u were gay 😱
it's true
there's a rumor about you sleeping with me is that true
If u have heard a rumor about me PLS ASK ASK ME IF ITS TRUE BEFORE YOU START SPREADING IT BECAUSE ODDS ARE ITS NOT LMFAO



false
Easy work.
learn how to find the limiting reagent little boy.
🆒‼️
Midterm #7 today



They are never right, you should know that!!😬
I love fishing in the rain but today there are NO clouds at all as usual the weatherman was wrong again !! 😖
Get on it.. Trust me you won't melt, your not that sweet!!😁😜😁😜😁
it was supposed to be doing that here I was all ready to go fishing and I walked outside to no clouds and high sky !
Rainy morning here in west Michigan today!!🌧☔️🌧



I think its more roster makeup. Only reliable true big might be Zaza.
No. But to say they have definite defensive issues after 4 quarters might be pushing it.
I didn't say they stink...said I'd take the field over them. Not unreasonable
After one of playing together? Lol
But if you asked me to choose GSW over the field for the title I'm not sure I'd do that anymore. Definite defensive issues.



yup yup
wow epic
actually, i did see it on reddit and i did upvote the OP, who also was the phimosis man in the video
upvote
just watched a dude with phimosis penis cum all over a judy hopps mcdonalds toy



kuz when u hit a certain age it goes away? lol that's an interestIng train of thought
u too old to be shy Trell
Buster Douglas Smh
buster.
And I Dnt Ever Shoot My Shot Smh



complicated AND CAUSING SCREW UPS LIKE THIS ONE YOU PSYCHO
I don't know. Maybe I'm just being complicated #NowIHaveAComplex
is that even on the menu?????
I order egg and cheese mcgriddles all the time 😐
thanks for forgetting to put sausage on my SAUSAGE egg and cheese mcgriddle.  Who would order an egg and cheese mcgriddle...



im good for it
yea
you in wheels?
buy a leaf and I'll match
Who got wheels, im tryna smoke 🤔



man id so move over there and learn a food truck
days off in the literal middle of the week seems to friggin weird............
I did. this schedule is bleh
I was just thinking I should finally tell you the plan! :B wait until you to y slaughter house bourbon tho it's faster stuff
as I get drunk off baker's bourbon. no nothing still beats it other than bookers



yes exactly smh😭
the one you were talking about all week?🙃🤔
i didn't finish the essay☹️
don't be so hard on yourself
Im hella disappointed in myself



no way don't be! I feel the exact same way just wanted to make sure!!! Thank you 😘🤗😘🤗😘🤗
the nervous feeling that you know it's all gonna come out when you stand up lol sorry for gross details 😂
you mean the nervous feeling or cramps?
the feeling when you stand up after being sat down for a while 😖😩
What's the worst part about your period? (DM if you're shy)



shit what time est?
just hope we get this W today
shit is bizarre
szn 3 Mou in full effect
yo man said Pog-central-back? smh



he really doesnt miss
he is! And he's actually pretty fuckin good at the game too
yup that guys the shit!
yo that's that dude that juggles fruit!
if i ever tweet about Flamehopper's stream after today just remember Kenny put me on



damn you got my ass
I'm just messing with you Frank, lol
beamer and bimmer mean the same thing
but what about your bimmer?
Feels good to have my beamer back



money will show you shiiii 💅🏼
well time shall tell
hell nah. We bout to make more money together
y'all finna fuck around and get each other fired lmao
Me and Kim about to fuck shit up if we work at dos gringos together LOL



like 145 for balcony :/ sorry jerry I love u and everything but that's 2 much :(
AW OMG HOW MUCH
shit I had that as my ringtone at one point HAHAAHA I tried to get my dad to go w me but the tix were hella expensive 😭😭
seinfeld song is my ringtone my alarm tone my notif tone can we go see him pls
JERRY SEINFELD IS COMING TO SEATTLE AND IM JUST NOW FINDING OUT ABOUT THIS???? ASDF;HJAF;OIWJA



Aaaaaaaaaaw Yeeaaaaaah. I got the cola just grab some monsters for the Jäger bombs😛
Yeeee hella down #Litboosf
Yeee let's do that, I already got 2 bottles of heem. Just curious if the girls would be down for Jäger bombs!🤘🏻
Pretty sure yeah, want me to buy jager? And u got heem?
yo do you, Sarah and Nicole fuck with Jäger??💭💭



no no no not necessary at all
dm or text me ur fan mail addy so I can send u and ur roomies a lil sumthn sumthn
😪😪😪
I miss u too honey
I miss mommy 😢



probably not gonna make them until like 3 anyways bc sleep😂
but i've got school now tooooooooooo
come to my house then (:
we didn't take on walmart at 12am just so i couldn't have a cupcake
i'm gonna go home and make cupcakes



you and your burritos. :v
sry i am only accepting burritos w extra guac or fried rice at this time
we must combine resources to achieve a common goal.
i have a toaster but no bread. or butter. i am cryin
anyways back to shit that matters. i really want toast, but got no toaster.. ya feel?



i will let you know that the appeal was denied and the Zoning Administrators decision was upheld. We do expect it to be...
Ok!
I'll talk to you about it
More info, please??
Wow, I'm totally seeing an argument AGAINST rental properties using a strawman.



Gotta love the navy lmao 😅
holyshiiiiii😂😂😂 yooo
girl I've been up since 0330 and I'm an hour behind 😒😂
honestly😂😂😂 it's too early💀💀
Why am I so full of energy right now ?



You nailed it on that one!!
99% of people only shop it's the 1% who deliver there and know exactly how they treat their venders !! #PissPoor
Not funny Steve!😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
"WELCOME TO WALMART" 😝
Off to work..😤😫😖😕



lol I'm looking forward to it 😂
just wait till you get to dynamics
lol if only it was that easy 😭😂😂
just remember f=ma
My physics midterm is tmrw and my Prof spent all lecture (review day) on a book problem, then tells us "But I wouldn't put this on the test"



you have to comeback and visit one weekend though 😭 where are you thinking about going if you don't mind me asking.
haha i miss you too but yeah AU wasnt the right fit
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 I miss you. Okay that was random but I totally understand.
kinda, I took a year off and just started applying for a transfer
did you transfer :(



omg no😭I'll work for you
kanye!
what tickets
But I had to buy them before prices went up:( see my dilemma
Honestly probably jinxed myself bc i bought the tickets before getting my schedule for next week and w my luck id get scheduled to work 🙂



oh yeah ... ☹️
lmao Erin. I'm a frowny face. Made out of cocaine.Hahahaha I don't sleep.
why are you up so late cocaine frowny face ?
....yeah
Wow twitter was getting wild there for a second lol



obviously having a goalie is the BIGGEST need for a team to be successful not sure how u possibly got that I don't get that
I don't think... I absolutely know, without a Goalie, the team is nothing. anyone who thinks otherwise isn't up to speed
if you think that we're somehow just supposed to be a contender because we drafted Matthews You're surely mistaken man
if we want to support kids we'll go watch Junior Hockeysame old story... suck it up buttercups and ice a Team
Listen #LeafsNation Matthews,Nylander,Marner,our D etc... are ALL gonna take time to get better,this is a process,be patient #TMLtalk



I know. I refuse to pay any mind to any remakes
it makes me so upset that they wanna remake it. His performance is A+ and it's just a perfect movie and shouldn't be touched
his poor mom ugh
Brandon Lee is the saddest death ever tho, fact! Literally died to make the movie, way sadder than Heath although still tragic
WHY DID BRANDON LEE AND HEATH LEDGER HAVE TO DIE....



never a bad time for a donut
I'm always craving a donut...is that the same?
I'm always craving sushi so yes it is a little odd 💁🏽
at 8am? ...odd...
I really want sushi



dude she brought VEGETA not argeta 😂😂 I wish I had some argeta
yasssss after party at selmas room wit argeta and kifle!!!
kifle and vegeta... sounds so appetizing yum can't wait😂
bring some to Seattle, we'll be hungry after cvija hahahahahahahahahahah I'll bring some kifle 😂
we asked my aunt from Switzerland to bring us argeta and she brought us 5 bags of vegeta... #BosnianProbs



nada. Dude if it's like this on Halloween I ain't going out
Wym i stop lol
boy .....
no i dont 😂






both are already spoken for, but I appreciate the effort haha
Ty Montgomery could be a good pickup, and if you’re in a PPR league cole Beasley is good too
waiting to see what picks go through now
hopefully you’re up on that waiver wire haha
my bye week hell is finally upon me...



bunch of rapscallions.
damn hooligans
these young kids who do they think they are?
this is me
I must be getting old if I start getting upset about seeing someone in the "15 items or less line" and they clearly have 16 items.



right ! Lol never letting gon
damn that shit part of the family at this point lmao
lmao I've had it for years
where you buy that mf though
Someone came to my apartment and tried to roast me for having a dual VCR/DVD player . Haters .



My pleasure have a great day
Sure thing. Thanks :)
I can certainly help can you send me an email with your VIN and I will take care of you x
Tracy, I'm looking for some deals on winter tires on rims and installation for my 2015 Chevy Traverse.
Winter will be here soon is your car ready for winter? tsaunders.ca I will help you get it done,rust proof/winter tires etc



they aren't my dogs.. It's a couple that's on their honeymoon😭😭😭 lol
lol u missed ur dogs??😂
it's funny now but I was about to cry my ass off earlier 😐😂
😂😂😂
Lost 3 out of the 5 dogs I'm dog sitting &amp; I've literally been out on a mission searching for them &amp; I finally got them all😭😭😭



I had an old one &amp; passed out with it on &amp; it burned my sheets &amp; my ankle I had to have grafting &amp; still don't have feeling there.
Kristina has one! They auto shut off after 4 hours
they're DANGEROUS 🔥
heat blanket!
I woke up 3x in the night to get more blankets. Starting to think the best place for my bed is not underneath my poorly insulated window.



I guess lol
lol no damn wonder
yea
gray sweats?
Wore sweats to the gas station and as I was entering my pin code at the cash register idk if she was tryna see the print or guess my pin.



u know I'm just kiddddddin 💓
STOP😘❤️😘❤️
nah✋🏼
LOL I thought I was following you already😂
how r u gonna rt my tweet but not follow me 🙄 our friendship is over



the last thing I need is call from school that he peed his pants because he couldn't get his jeans off
well you wouldn't want to be too puffy at school.
it wasn't comfortable- " I just feel too puffy."
he couldn't just wear both pair?
We were literally seconds from leaving the house when it was revealed that Jake was wearing two pairs of undies, which caused a delay.



that one still makes more sense than anything I've heard.
shit, i didnt know they split. Bummer.
that actually would make sense, if they still were a team.
neveldine/taylor? Too on the nose?
The suggestions people give for Deadpool 2... and even from filmmakers... I'm starting to think everyone is doing a bit.



I saw Rat Dog once.
same only allman bros and ratdog
I was seeing PHiSH before I smoked, think that had more impact than peer pressure ever did in middle school.
not a parent, but I'm happy I didn't till college
Parents who smoke Marijuana, what age(s) do your kids have to be for you to 1, accept their marijuana use, and 2, smoke it with them?



shallow thinking or autism
I honestly don't think he understands that people sometimes say stuff that's not meant to be taken literally...he just doesn't get it
u wouldnt be able to walk. U would be screaming. You do know that, right? I just need you to understand that ur back isn't actually broken."
Me, as I walk around the apartment: "I think my back is broken!"David: "Adi, no, you can't be serious...if your back was ACTUALLY broken
This is the type of person David is:



now THIS is what tinder should REALLY b used for
back when I used to have it, I'd find people I knew and send them gifs of dogs
ok good bc i overthink tinder 2 much
yes
if u come across someone u know well enough on tinder is it alright to platonically swipe right



my friend
who you love?
what ?
👀
I love you too



haha yeah, that's where everyone goes.
damn lol
glamis is where it's at!
if your going to dumont I want a ride in it
6 am. Trucks not gonna work on itself



chris i think your time machine dropped you off in the wrong year
not really sure how to end this, but knock that shit off. This would be a great year for everyone to come to their damn senses
the exact opposite is happening. all your frameworks are abject disasters. your cute names for permutations of shims or whatever are insane
the real face of progress in frontend dev would be that everyone’s job would get easier, less cognitive load
perpetually more of frontend community happenings seems deliberately engineered to intimidate the outsider, and push out the non-obsessive



and wr
kick returner
u forgot about huff
OL of Johnson, Barbre, drafted C, Brooks, Big V
Imagine potentially next season:QB: WentzRB: Chubb/SmallwoodWR1: JeffreySLOT: MatthewsWR3: Green-BeckhamTE: Ertz/Celek



yeah seriously 😒 it is!! Hahaha
it's horrible I like get up so quick hahaha it's a trip
😂😂😂😂
that's me when I sleep in on my day off😂😂😭
I just woke up from a nap a little bit ago and panicked bc idk why I woke up thinking I was late for work 😂😂😂😞😩😩



I took some last night. Never again
uh huh 😣
wooooooooow
-so you might end up calling 911 and having 7 police, firemen, and EMTs in your living room at 2:30am!
FUN FACT: apparently alka seltzer night can trigger the symptoms of a panic attack, which are similar to the symptoms of a heart attack



I'm sure it will be. 5c and nippy though 😜
Hope it is wonderful.
Greetings from (what I expect will be) sunny Philadelphia 😊
Morning...
Morning! Good ol' body clock still being a bitch. Auntie's 'gently' snoring so the phaser is set to church mouse. Luckily she's nearly deaf.



injustice.
working late and bike still down
thurs
my shit ain't gonna be fixed by then! When is it anyway?
gone get that fixed n tell some others.



okay des, will do 🤗😚
next time she makes some invite me over for dinner lol
yes she's a great cook thanks to God lol 👌🏼😋
damn I bet your mom gets down 😋
Came home to green posole thanks to mom ❤️🙏🏼



tbh, before it even started airing, the trailers I saw for it just never caught my interest.
its a waste of time! there are far better shows out there to watch
I never started watching it. Now I'm glad.
not to mention overly heteronormative !!!
agents of shield is possibly one of the worst marvel tv shows I've ever seen honestly the plot is boring and messy



haha I guess. Like I went to a concert last night, and he didn't believe me cuz it was on a Monday hahaha 😂 I had to show proof
Well thats what happens when ur a single gal. wat does he expect for u to stay trapped in the house
I think it's cuz I'm always yelling at him It's cuz he always thinks I'm lying to him. He hates when I go out. And I go out a lot
He probably asked u cuase someone must have told him he was acting like 1. So now he's like hmm 🤔. Thats what i do sometimes
Dad: Do you think I'm an asshole? Me: wtf??? Where did that question even come from? No. Lol #MyDadIsWeird #JustDadThings 🤔 #SoRandom



piffle, I spend half my time tweeting things you made me think about.
just haven't felt I had anything worthwhile to contribute lately. Sorry.
Nothing. You are generally wonderful and I wish you tweeted more. THE WORLD NEEDS MORE KIKI !
what have I done now?
would tweet more, at least half of what I natter on about regarding politics or pop culture comes because she challenges me



in the last three years here in the foothills where I'm at, QPF has averaged much above average. Very wet till last winter.
3 year deficit? Not in my part of Maine. I'm not aware of any part of Maine in a 3 year drought. It's well less than a year here
sadly not. We'd need the next 2-3 months to replenish all the water. 3yr deficits 12"+. A step in the right direction though!
that should put a nail in the drought for many locations. Precip still below normal but not drought level I'd think.
Fourth, QPF amount. Think 1-2" covers it. Could see a few higher amounts midcoast w/secondary low. Slightly lower amts possible N mountains.



tell me in the AM then. It's always good to hear people's opinion.
Lol i would lay an excerpt on you but its too late for all that
I can't do politics... 😭 i just can't.
Accept the call
It's so much I wish I could do to help change the USA, but I don't want a job in politics.



for sure!! We gotta turn up again soon!
miss you bro I'll see you soon✊🏽
great minds think alike
always eat then sleep
eat or sleep somebody help



exactly
u probably just said everything that ppl were already thinking. If they do meet up it's gonna be a big phony ass gathering
lol that was #SoDondre
lmao you're they haven't 😂😂😂😂😂
I feel like nobody has posted in the clo/08 group sense I made that post 😂😂😂😂😂



omg so many jejemons
nevermind I clicked it and I'm horrified at what I see
since we both babes we should just be #bbybabe lmao
i like
Since jade is coffeebabe98 am I bbypeachtea95



😂😂 not at all
it's those Single cab trucks 💦
Ramis needs to show me what he is doing😉
Ramis putting in work 🤔
my baby cousin is 15 and be Netflix and chilling and babygirl over here can't even get a text back!



I guess that war doesn't violate their consciences; not the religious figures I know.
The amendment's author, Rep. Steve Russell, and its supporters, bill it as preventing military chaplains from violating their conscience.
Several months ago, the House GOP added this amendment, a "religious liberty" clause, into their version of the National Defense bill.
But lest we forget, the GOP's policy platform is still absolutely terrible. Exhibit A: the #RussellAmendment.
With all the chaos surrounding Trump's loutishness and racism, the GOP's actual policy platform seems to have been set aside this election.



ok today exactly they did, before this or no?
NY times with a huge cover story on new wikileaks today. not sure why you think the liberal media isn't covering?
so wikileaks is sort of like Snowden? If what they are saying is credible, honest liberal media should cover that too... yeah?
I don't think there is any evidence that they have doctored materials.
So is wikileaks credible? Can anyone say for sure? It seems like no one knows and what u believe is based on ur party



you also could do the talent show for homecoming (;
bless up🙌🏼
it's coming I promise! We are finding space
waiting patiently for the next class with Ms. Shannon.
All I want to do is dance



I LOVE IT *sneaks in vote* :)
That is my secret vote lol
I love dual POV too! I should have made that an option!:)
Double POV is my one true love. I like both.
My YA lovelies...Let's talk POVs! Do you prefer:



same especially on Bart 😂
lol yea I see what you talking bout tho. I stand out everywhere lol
for the most part
nah not at all
Maybe I just feel hella tall cuz everybody in the bay are midgets 🙃



Oh Tru here it's 3
it's only 1 bruh






So sick of working nights, but trying to save as much as I can so I can get outta this shit town...



take one!
i know!! If i can ever get a vacation im there in a heartbeat!
duh. Get down here
because youre wishing I was in town. Its ok I feel the same haha
Why can't I sleep🙃



I'm like damn too bad I was alone I would've had a field day with that 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
lol that's how it is
He mad I won't come back 😩😩😂😂😂😂
block em, unblock them then text em like "I miss u" then they really think you're crazy lmao
I hate the person you wanna block but can't 🙄😂



it's one way the round trip is like $400
you lucky wtf
yeah
to go home???
This ticket is $69 but I've never taken the airline before so I'm not tryna die and stuff



shits stoopid
best shit when they rap over their own words being played back
them live and when a rapper cant even preform his music right live its like cmon mannn
progresses a lot different and I noticed today listening to some jazz that that kind of music is able to change emotion and
why is it so weird to listen to music that isnt rap or pop or edm



😒 I googled it.
rip
lol I wanted to clean his feet ):
you didn't give it a bath did you? Lol
I'm scared to pick up my rabbit. Someone help 😩😒🐰



whatever
it gets me out of school. There's more days in the week but I see how u feel now
you're going to one act play nerd
ok nvm we won't do it.
Wish I had someone to carve a pumpkin with



I've read them yes and that's lame to try to say it's edited. Yesterday I read one where they needed to sober her up, lol
Have you actually even gone to Wikileaks or do you just read the edited and highlighted stuff they pass around Twitter?
according to Wikileaks she's not to bright and that's coming from the ppl who work for her.
It's more like because Hillary has a brain in her head, unlike her opponent who needs to be, off to see the wizard..
#HereIAmWithHer wondering how screwed up you have to be to vote for her just because she has a vagina.



I know you are.☺️
I'm trying 🙈🙈 don't PRESSURE ME
hurryyyyy
uno more montho! 💃🏽😊
to be here ASAP



Nope. No email either. Cell phones were still a bit of a rarity.
I don't think you had readily available internet either?
Look on the bright side. When I was your age I had, like, 0 followers.
To be fair, 700 people is about 699 more than should actually be following me.
Don't think I'll ever get over 700 followers permanently. Always lose one as soon as I do.



spurs and cavs both looked pretty good last night.
fine. Cavs over spurs
How about a 2nd round of prediction once NFL is over. Gives you a "change your mind".
no predictions until NFL is over
NBA Season starts tonight... Give me your finals prediction. We will revisit in months.



yes!! That's all I listened too.
bro slim was my favorite rapper growing up
bro you the realist!!!!💯💯💯💯
I think everyone's all jealous and shit because I'm like the lead singer of the band dude
"These chicks don't even know the name to my band"



It's delicious, you should try it next time
as long as I can steal a slice because that sounds good
No chicken and Feta on mine and Pineapples on yours, we good?
make that call. Pineapples tho
J'ai envie de Domino's



starting the last one right now.
ill be cutting it close
I'm closing in.
update: this shit is ass
2nd ever college all nighter is finna go down



yeah helping out mowing with our buddy!
exactly it's crazy! Work this morning?
rather just get 0! It's more embarrassing to give a few cents
man I got a .10 tip on Sunday smh
Well I got a $40 tip and then a $.30 tip just shows the high and low point of my day



when are you off so we can have a lunch date 🤔
but what days ☹️️
you said Christmas time !
still loves you 🤔
hi we are going to Disney world k love you ❤️



look man im PAYING rn for you to drive me. im not going to complain about uber to u if i meet u at MY work place so STOP
omg like when my uber asks me rly uncomfortable things about my job or complains about prices like.... shut the fuck up
" it was a joke...I was just trying to break the ice" I literally do not want to talk I just want to go home
i h8 uber drivers who are like this or ask weird about disneyland like stfu and drive me please
*gets into an Uber in costume*Uber driver: " Sorry I don't think I have any Disney music"🙃🙄👌🏽



😒😒 where tf you been light skin
don't look like that
😒😒
go back 😊
Woke up like 😝😝😝



smh gosh do I miss the 90's. Lol
done. BTW the answer is always 200 messages 😂
try it again!
why can't I retweet this? 😭
Do I call you? Or do we resolve this quickly with 200 messages?



honestly 😭😭
nah everyone knows her lmao
🙄🙄🙄. Like Jesus can there be one nigga in Virginia Beach she ain't fw 😩😩😩.
yikessss thank god I don't have to deal with that cause I'd  go off
I'm staying single till college lol



you right
lol
*amazing
he's ight
He's so amazing



that's good to hear
not I wtf
smh lol
*project
Niggas just failed a 520 point assignment 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂



lol shiddd how much you get paid ? Y'all hiring 😂
lol yea my new job
lol you Cupid now fam 😂
holla ya ha 🙃 lol it's time she stop being that
Had to add my crush on snap 🌚



I expected that to be true
that never goes away
I miss Natali more and more everyday
all gen chem professors are compared to Natali
My chem professor is the biggest goober out there



I deed nat heet her, i deed nat
yoouur tearing me apaaaaat lisa
kys
the room is better
Donnie Darko was released 15 years ago today, and it's still one of the best cult classics.



is the pay good ?
bitch ! I need a Ford Escape lmfao 😂
Fremont Ford boo!
where you work out now
I worked 10 hrs on my first day 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃



That would explain a lot
Nanomachines.
how did I go to bed before you
it's a fancy slasher flick.
I don't know I've never considered #Predator a horror movieI see the case for it, but always considered it action first



😫 I just dozed off, I'm about to gone go..
you trying not to fall asleep and I'm trying to fall asleep 😩
😩 I'm trying, this bed comfortable too
you got it
😣 Trying To Hold Out Until 2.



good lord lol
just trying to get my brother to school 😅
damn! 😂 where are you trying to go? lmao
correction, 4 trains
Missed my 5AM alarm &amp; woke up at 8:27 then got caught at 3 trains but I'm not even mad 🤗



😂😘 I luh you. I need you
lmao you're gonna make me tear up 😂
HALP ME
smh why are you this way lmao
She built like a bag of onions and she got a boosie. Please stop arguing with her on the tl. It's too early.



the main highway in/out of jersey city/holland tunnel has been under construction going on 3 years with no end in sight~
Also since this is Indiana that bridge is going to be under construction for at least a few months moreYaaaaay
It's not a fun time
So at least a few times a week I'm stopped at that bridge for minutes on end, just left to contemplate the fact I could just get out &amp; jump
The bridge by my apartment has a lane closed for construction so there's a big bottleneck of traffic there



ok enjoy your pie knowing that was made for broken families and orphans
first of all fuck you second of all this is America I do what I want
you're eating a single serving pre-packaged slice of pumpkin pie alone.
I'm just super emotionally stunted not heartless






school first
when money involve
aint you at school ?
put down
up bored af



Can't wait to get the day started or just a habit?
Really,early bird are ya?
always up this early
Why is that?
Bright and early 👻



I just hit it.
hit my line
back on the music grind. Let's get it
my guy! Give me some good news
yooooo



I know Much Love always❤️
HAHA, I'm jk nothin but love 💖
That's just mean😔 Its ok tho I can get to the bar faster that way🍻
I might come to Vegas just to first round you old man 😜
are looking for 1 for Vegas. Hit up Nic or Jazz they are in charge✌🏼️❤️



thank you!!
ohh that's pretty Kool now that I know what is but goodluck to you kill it out there
its just developers joining in teams to make apps for IT systems and compete against other teams
what is that I am kinda curious what is now since I have seen your tweet
SOOOO I got invited to compete in USC's hackathon this year And I'm super excited!!!!



on me I'm in PA for the week
naturally link up if you off👀
aw yeah? 🤔
shit wassup me &amp; cory linking up friday
. what b the move



i agree.
Like I can see so much of myself in him. Lacking the confidence, being anxious, believing in somebody SO MUCH. It's perfect.
Not to mention, Yuri isn't a prodigy. He's some normal awkward young twenty something that's coming into his own. I love that.
symbolic and self-inspiring. It's a good message to anyone trying to go after their dreams.
Man, Yuri on Ice's ending song is so inspiring as well. Even if I knew nothing about the anime, the opening and ending songs are so



point is he cheated and he knows he fucked up big time that's why the ended up breaking up 😒
buttt if she had never said she needed "a break from us" he never would have done any of that stuff!
omg! Don't do this!! So it makes it okay for him to cheat? If Rachel would have done it every man would think otherwise 😒
actually they were on a break
Ross cheated on Rachel idc fight me!!



ain't have time doe. I was already running late. I was pissed
whoever tows and tickets ppl
what ppl?
my fav time to call the ppl
YO WHY TF IS THERE A SEMI STOPPED ON THE ONE WAY DOWNTOWN UNLOADING AND SHIT DURING MORNING TRAFFIC?! WTF?



Private is way much better tho
I cannot deal I swear
mental challenges
can I just know why?  Had to hit that block
There's this weird kid on IG who doesn't follow me but he'll go like &amp; unlike the same pic of me every single day. It's been 2weeks now tfff



you real, give them my @ name lmao
alright I got you. I will let every big hair women today at school know there's a place in your bed for them🙌🏾
nah, they knew this, I had to reiterate lol
3a.m confession
Women with big hair have a place in my heart and a place in my bed.



hope you can make it if not yes we needa plan at least a lunch date havent seen u in decades lol. 💖😭
ily2 💕💕 I have to see what time I work, but I'll my best. Either way we have to hang out &amp; catch up!
lol bishhhh ily 💋 better see you monday 😭
I've been told I have that effect on ppl 😘 sorry
No puedo arrancarte de mi alma y de mi mente . . .



tell me when u go home
but remind me to bring my deck home
lets gooooo
I havent played in so long tho im super rusty w my cards and their effects.
Im shuffling through my ygo decks and why is my dragon deck so useless? I need to rebuild it. My blackwing deck is still gucci tho



Yassssss . I'll keep you posted on deets
yaaas okay okay! That's what's up, well I'll be at the warming once y'all get right!
Oh yeah thanks boo ! Qiyanah is my roommate 😊😊
aww congrats..i didn't know you found a place. &amp; we? Who your roommate 👀
So we're getting a couch next week . Apartmentwarming soon come 🤗 #WeWantGifts #YesLiquorCounts



you're overplayed!
don't let me down is somewhat overplayed. Nowhere near Closer though!
don't let me down is overplayed - Closer isn't played enough!
that song is so overplayed. I'm over it.
Chainsmokers Closer #PensDj



exactly why I'm bored
aren't you unemployed ?
I'm bored at work
log off now
why single mothers always mad at everyone except the person that made them a single mom?



oh I apologize not sure what's happening there right now
whoa sorry there champ my kid goes there so I was looking for updates didnt know it was a problem 2 reply 2 u relax
who are you lady
I wouldve too. Isnt this twice in a week now of evacuations?
I left if any one of those teachers told me not to I was leaving regardless



naw none of them did that
Lmao look at my snap. One of em really did that 🙄
who would do that...
It was the hack black ass 😤
This nigga Chad is gay I swear



I didn't see this my bad bro but, yes I told you that you would dig the show dawg..
khalessi just got an army and her dragon burned the bald dude! I'm in love bro! 😂😂😩
not until June bro 😢 and cut it smooth off!
haha didn't expect that ending said "here, this will help you remember" and cut Jamie Lannister'a hand off lol
I don't want to be waiting months for it



are you feeling alright brother
a SHOW? lol..WE ARE 2 GUYS....HE AND I WOULD HABVE TO PLAY Drums Bass...RYTHM AND LEAD GuiTAR AS WELL AS KEYBOARD +SIng
no, that's explains things no CDs, no shows, no iTunes to buy your songs. No music videos.
WE need one...have one in mind...Our friends And Business man RAY..IDEAS?
Do you have a manager for your music



😭❤️ ily c u soon I hope love ya
I miss you so much 😭 it's weird hahahah. We'll "reunite" really soon I hope.
o ya huh. Sometimes I forget that's how we know e/o. I miss u too tho even tho we live together lmao 💖💖❤️😘
do I count 🤔
Kinda just wanna chill w my YFL brothas n sistas bc y'all fam af love u all. If ur from YFL or KFL or SFL or CBFL....i luv u!!! S/o to u



I saw Black Swan. It retreaded a lot of the themes of Wrestler, but felt like Aronofsky wanted to be more "Aronofsky" with it
you’re not missing much with Noah, honestly. Black Swan was fine.
The only things he's done since then are Black Swan and Noah, which I've never seen because I typically don't do Bible Films
it’s cranking it’s way up to being the best arnofsky film, which is odd
Good morning I'm thinking deeply about the film THE WRESTLER. May be time for a rewatch.



Seriously, just don't buy it. Are you a #fashion designer or something?
if they feel the impact they will drop her one crappy knockoff line and we can all be happy
Also, why punish all the other labels and businesses? If you don't like a product, don't buy it.
so tell them to stop carrying one crappy made in China knock off line (Ivanka) so we can all happily shop there
. 😐



who said im an okc fan?
thunder 🚮
you thought
KD still getting that ring
Spurs ☠️



and why is that? Because I only post about me going out? Because I don't post about me working 50+ hours a week or at my nephews
Of course I know that! I just didn't think you were trying to chill
I do more than just party I actually live here...I have family here...I work a normal job here...it's not all partying
never thought I'd hear you say that since I feel you party all the time 😨
Everyone just wants to party in this town. I need to get tf out of here...



well alrighty then. 😬
don't be sorry 😂 it's cool 👍🏼
Haha sorry.
so random but thank you 😂🙈
is hot.



😭😭 trying to get warm
😂 Wyd
I see 😂😂😄
I'm up lol
But lemme gts since everybody else did lol



what I mean by that is, he was good vs Wisconsin, enough to win, I think he will have a huge day Saturday
yup, no doubt. And I believe he will be too. Just need to see a little more. I think he will be better than he was vs Wisky
If he's 8-0 come Saturday afternoon, you all in?
voted something still to prove because of options. Basically just want to see him perform in a big game like this week
What's your confidence level in QB Wilton Speight after 7 games?



naw at work going to catch the highlights tho soon
Ayye... you saw the warriors get waxed 😂😂
yes sir
your going?
Gonna be live at the Kanye concert



we dont play that in this house lol
Halo
i was gonna fire it up. Cant decide on what to play
kinda yea. You good but then fall off hard and gotta climb your way back into relevancy and good shape.
RDR got a slow start?



no gabby it is sudden. Go away
it's not suddenly when you complain about it all the time
thank you gabby, which is why I said SUDDENLY. Idiot. Foh
YOUVE BEEN DOING IT FOR YEARS
why is it suddenly so hard to be awake at this time :/



I better get that deposit when I ask for it lol. Also I'll send you the season passes that are on sale now you better get them!
I'm serious! 😂
alright I got you.. I'll keep you in the loop! 😏
down 😏😂
You know ya girl is set in her ways so who want to get on a group deal with me? 😛💕 &amp; get a hotels for a 3 night stay and snowboard all day!



you serious??😬😍😍😍😍😍😍
guess it's a good thing I got an xbox 1
fuuck
no just the same like Xbox and PS4 no PC
is IW gonna be cross platform?



well I hadn't thought of that
Never. I'm not looking forward to him being in our division for two more years
you take that back
Hope his arm falls off
Andrew Miller still good



yeaa
my retweets?
that's how you moving?
yes? lol






That hunger! Gets ya every time!
I often forget I'm not a disembodied spirit. The hunger eventually reminds me.
I'm...I'm human!!??
I think it's a human thing 😉
I really enjoy food these days.Is that a middle-age thing?



1pm pst
about what time?
me and the homie going to stream today are you down will you be available?
I do 👍






oh man i have wished for that literally every time i've been stuck sitting on the train at that platform
need stations near LATTC to avoid delays at Grand/Washington switch, ride straight to Little Tokyo or Union Station.






bikes for more than 24 hours...



hell yeah cause he be sayin real shit. He just gotta work on the flow a lil bit.
if dude had time to focus on rap all the way he'd be nice with it
my cousin put me on 🔥🔥🔥
that weezy verse go harder than a mf
Damian Lilard goin for MVP and Album of the Year.



absolutely! 💖
ayyyy! That's cool! Hmu when u get down here!
i'm from rva yes but i just moved back from miami i was there for 2 years but i'm moving to LA in springtime!
ur from rva? I'm from nova no way. And yeah that's crazy I lived in south beach for a year and definitely experienced a lot of
when i lived there briefly i got fired cause my boss was racist &amp; after i went two more latina girls got fired for no reason



I have one in my car too
such a sad day
I saw dis while I'm walking inside smh
can u bring me a water bottle and drop it by my class
Update I've found my keys :-)



this is very true
Alan Jackson did also !
I mean Kenny was bad as fuck back in the day. Who gets into water fully clothed ya know
That right there is America
Tbh the song back where I come from gives me the chills every damn time



Thanks! Almost done. Lol
Awwww! Good luck today then!
Nope. I got distracted with pretty boys &amp; dreams of edging. 😉😂
Lol, did you finish?
I'm determined to finish this book today! If only I could stop reading Twitter... 😂



ahh where are you moving? And dude I wish we could have bought your house it's nice ahah but they already want this one 😭
yea 😭
you're selling your house?
omg buy our home!
3rd house my parents have tried to buy.. please let this one be home 🙏🏼🏡❤️



what the HELL
no problem. U ever seen that white bear on the Bimbo bread?
LMAOO thanks ??
you look like a teddy bear. That's not a bad thing btw.
Your wcw be on the TL deleting her tweets for no reason



More like putting lipstick on a pig.
It's all pretend and artifice... like a kid trying on his father's sportcoat and shoes.
Oh, I can put gold lame curtains up over a gilded window frame? This is surely what a wealthy person would do because they're wealthy.
Like, hmmm... a drink with oysters and caviar in it? That sounds fancy... clearly a rich person would drink this!
Re: that Trump cocktail menu... the Trumps (&amp; those that aspire to be) seem to do a lot of "trying to act like they think rich people would"



delete me off twitter bye
I'm dead!!!! 😂
it's not always like this, but damn when it is👌🏽😩 trust me when I say not all guys are the same. Be patient my queet❤️🕰
I'm jealous
I'm at such a good place in my relationship rn &amp; it's making me so happy 😚



ok cool I'll apply
16 locations man
where do they have one??
desert suns whack. join the TTAN squad
applied at the ram and desert sun 💯 i need another job now



I'll b in commerce
none I got a lame life. What's the play? Link
hell yea. It make time go by fast but what you got going this weekend
lmfao u hell. B dropping shii I kno
I be at work high dennaho fucking up shi



YOU'RE RIGHT 😂
man this would've been top 5 coolest things ever if Jeff was hitting g pens
NAH IT WAS MY NEIGHBOR ON THE OTHER SIDE OF MY HOUSE LOL
but was it Jeff?
WHEN YOUR DABBIN IN YOUR CAR &amp; YOUR NEIGHBOR COMES UP TO YOU TO LET YOU HIT HIS G-PEN LMAO I'M ZOOTED



yes, now when I text you just for the address and days later you're hitting me up for casual talk 😂
exaaactly! you have one job and that's to get this nut. Regular convo outside of that is unnecessary unless it's established
really hate it, when I didn't exchange numbers to be friends lol.
lmao yo I had a discussion with a group of ppl about this same shit and they didn't agree with this.
If you're only supposed to be a nut and I've made that clear don't causally text me on "wyd?" Dry ass convo type shit.



here's hoping that and coffee helps
who said that? crying and complaining make everything better because sometimes you've just got to get it out or you'll be bitter
you mean just crying about it won't make it any better...
listen though. today may have started out awful but now you're seasoned &amp; prepared so make the rest of it wonderful
Only been up an hour and already having the worst fucking day.. and I have no coffee, pray for us all



we are in! Come on over!
#WorldSeries
?



Only night we aren't free is Saturday, but it's looking like that game may not be the huge deal it had the potential to be 😏



we have 11 championships. St Louis isn't a wait till next year town.
👌whatever makes you feel better, maybe the Cards will fare better next season.
means their fans didn't support them at the park during the season? Great team, but that is what that means.
attendance means what?
Let me guess Indians fans. This series is over? You of the 3rd lowest fan attendance in the league in 2016? #Cubs



I Does This. If You Didn't Know Now . . You Will 😊
better do it girl 😂
No But Fr Tho.
💪🏾💪🏾
Any Bitch Before Me 🚮🚮🚮Any Bitch After Me 🚮🚮🚮



💯💯💯 you got my # still hit me up boy we got to link.
vintage LT.. In my 🎒🎒
just cooling bro working how you looking on the courts
shit just coolin.. waddup my guy?
What's good my G



Do you have Scentsy products in England perhaps London? It is where you warm up scented wax - so natural and safe to breathe
wonderful! Thank you Margaret, feel free to email us at fundraising.org for ideas or support x
that is a great idea! Thanks for the reply. I will do my best to come up with something. Talk to you again. xox
thanks for the support Margaret, why don't you hold an event or fundraiser - that way you can support our work from afar! x
How do you volunteer for the Foundation if you live in Canada? Is it possible? I really wish I could help somehow.



Thanks ally ❤️
very proud
Hw*
And shower then I need to practice for my speech tomorrow :))))
Wow I went to work from 8-5 got home and did he until 7 then went to study until 9 then worked out until 10:30 and I'm barely going to bathe



it took a lot of thinking lol
you went through #GoPackGo #KeepPounding #DubNation but I feel like you are finally home where you belong
#VFL#TitanUp#ThunderUp #GoBraves
Carson I've never seen a sports fan go through the identity crisis you have gone through for two years.
Game day #ThunderUp



i usually sing along in korean for the songs with both jp/kr version lmao
took a while but like, Hands Up in JPN grew on me but lmao THOSE TWO
lmfaoooooooo I DID THE SAME FOR GO CRAZY XD they sing jp one i sing kr one hhahahahaha
SAAAAME THE JPN VERSION FUCKS ME UP. LIKE. KLAJFLKAJFK
/sings promise korean version/



honestly no why it's bad ?
hold up bro hold up. You  seen dawn of the dead the remake?
dude 28 days and 28 weeks later are the two zombie movies that scare the fuck out of me and give me nightmares.
yo 28 days takes the cake though. They were more of an enigma in that movie and you never knew where they were coming from.
The movie 28 weeks later scares the fuck out of me. I hate fast zombies!



fucking bitch lmaoo
😂😂
umm you could've politely said, "laying down" bitch ass hoe
bitch I'm in bed tf
wyd



she'll be devastated. She loves that cat so much 😔
😰
we did for like 30 minutes with the treat bag and he didn't come😔
he's not use the scent, I would go look for him miki
My mom accidentally let her cat out tonight and if he doesn't come home by the morning, she's going to be a mess 😔💔



Ima look it up rn wtf I didn't know
whaaaaaaat you schleep
wtf no I didn't
you saw the trailer for the new one?
I fucking love pirates of the caribbean idk if I'm more in love with jack or will



nah just continue to be weird, hate when you're quiet
sorry ):
stop being weird big bro
I JUST NEED SOMEBODY TO LOVEEEEEEE. And then I won't be a hoe, fuck u
Sarina always complaining how she want someone but she lowkey a hoe 😂



Holla! Thank you! We're on the plane, thanks to very patient gate agents.
You're wingin' it to the other side of the country! DM your Rapid Rewards number, we'd LUV to send you a treat. ^LN
thanks! Dallas then Phoenix.
No need to be nervous, Chris! Where are you headed today? ^LN
#deaffriendly



I was dead ass about to call the police hahahha
lmaoooo i was scared when i was at that creepy motel 😯
hold me. I'm scared lol
that movie is the CREEPIEST movie I've ever seen
The strangers just csme on tv. I'm fucked. Not sleeping..bye.



how do you feel about Luke Cage so far? The Marvel show for me know where I didn't get the hype was Jessica Jones.
I liked the first season. 2nd season doesn't live up to the nuance of the other marvel shows.
haven't seen the new season. What's gone bad?
Eh, I guess I'd rather they were just as annoyed with Daredevil as I am.
I can't wait for the Netflix Marvel characters to finally join forces and beat the crap out of Daredevil.



lol it was high, but the bus wasn't leaving in time.
oh lmao I was about to say
i already took it lol.
megabus? That's gonna be od expensive
uber from NY to Philly.



81-1 then we will take it my boy just want a ring..
they shouldn't lose a game
game 1 outta 82 we gone be straight.!
wat happen to the warriors😂😂
Oui.!



oh I already finished it 😂 I can't wait!
and once you catch up the new season starts in January or February on cw!!!!
the new originals season came on to Netflix and it reminded me of how much I love her 😍
same girl i just love her
grows by the day



... :O neato  I suppose that would make it better. x3
Aw! I made my own. :F but they're pretty cheap, roo!
I has not one :O
Kigus work!
If I do my laundry naked, I can actually get all of my laundry done #showerthoughts ...May have actually done this once or twice #TMITuesday



Decatur, Dekalb County
what side of town u on rn
my flight for 2:45
what time u leaving
I'm coming back to Louisiana tomorrow but watch how fast I jet out 😂



put it away and learn some Spanish 😂😭
exactly my Spanish teacher keep telling me put my phone away 🤒
Twitter is such a big distraction yo 😬😂
😭😭😭😭😭😭
I was finishing up this assignment till I checked my Twitter notifications 😂🏌



had to think of something you disliked 😊
ew don't call me that 😖
only if I get to sit by you lil shawty
Antioch (:
In need of a new church



on board next lol
incredible episode
season 3 episode 3
which one are you up to?






it's ok honey speak your MIND.
okay I was harsh, sorry. But it was kinda shady
Who's bitter and old? I'm actually extremely grateful love. 👍
nothing worse than a bitter old lady, dear 😘😘






honestly!! Like saved my bday money for this palette I've been waited sense they teased it. Gotta call my sephora! 😭
IKR! I'm so upset. My local Sephora said they get it Nov 2. I'm bout to be camping out before they open 😅
WHATT??? For me it's just been showing 404! Ugh I've been waiting months it can be out of stock in 5 minutes!! 🙁☹️😭😣
I sat refreshing the page for like 5 minutes, and when it finally came up, it was out of stock
Anyone else getting the 404 error trying to get the #UrbanDecay #fullspectrum palette 😤  what's going on?



just give me da date I'm downnnnn whenever
next month?
I'm down
let's go skydiving
I'm so bored



Thanks Nori ❤
oh no im sorry to hear that :(
yes ma'am. Daddy in the hospital
ummmmm you here in the states????? 😒
Jay is jobless and on that stuff? Is that what I'm reading?



love you too my little baby. 💜
omg love you 💛💛
yesss you're the only Emma I talk to 💜💜
i dunno if this is me Emma but i love youuu
Can I just say how much I love Emma...my baby



Also can't use Drums of Fury but normal bloodlust works ;_;
or regular food for that matter :P  need mage food xD
alsooo why can't we use Engineering belt and cape in bgs still ???
Also shadowmeld doesn't work for getting out of combat :(
I think Feign Death is bugged in PvP, in battlegrounds at least it never takes me out of combat (no pets/no enemies near)



I woke up to go pee
girl..past your bedtime what doin?
YES



I really just want to see the northern lights



when u find one let me know make sure they got transportation to ET 😹
lol I'm searching early this morning in class right now .
u playing
lmbo I gotcha say less👌🏾.
find me a tusculum nigga bye



best part about it is I didn't tell her until after she wiped her face with it 😂😂😂
oh my god..... 😂😂😂
she had a wet rag and threw it at me so I wiped it on my ass threw it back and she wiped her face with it😂
whattttttt 😂😂😂












मुद्दा उठा दिया है बुत-ए-काफि़र ने हिज्र का



ideal date look at open houses in the phx area for inspiration
🙀
I like that you said you were going to sleep yet you're on twitter 😑
I'm taking you to Friday's half price apps...
Ideal date, go to Sprouts and shop for health



im not feeling well
y u leaving
omw home wyd
hey wyd
Being attached ain no joke ‼️



so much disrespect to my mans damn i miss him
LOL POYEYES
ihu lmaooo
Whats Glenn favorite restaurant?
up late thinking about the fact that glenn is actually dead



Please do. We're booth 200.
I'll definitely stop by!
booth if you'd like to stop by. 2/2
hey, Patti. I have no idea what advancement services are, but I'd love to find out. I'm new to the nonprofit sector and, 1/
So eager to get this party started I can't sleep #bbcon #bbcon2016



thank u friend
i know this feel all too well i am sorry for your hurt
I just stood in front of the pantry for 2 mins with my hand on my forehead because we don't have any
WE DONT HAVE ANY
I was guna sleep but I remembered we have vanilla wafers



this is why ur my fav
if i knew more i would continue quoting it
are u quoting high school musical ..
we all in this together
Why am I wide awake



chair squeaks and chill
bird chirps and chill?
trianglemusic and chill
majesticcasual and chill?
kung fu panda series &amp; chill



Who hurt you?
lmao don't have to
Won't @ em tho
the shading wack, the outline wack, the way it looks wack.
Pointless tattoos are literally the worst lol



I wanna know if he thought the face he made was intimidating or something
lol Yeah cause I was gonna respond directly to it with "Bruh nobody wants either of ya'll, that's why you're together. 🙄🙄"
you saw it too? lol
that NOBODY wants.
Nothing screams "insecurity" like posting a snapchat story on your girlfriends account threatening other men.



I believe in u sis
it's only the beginning of the year you wait
hey what matters is you're not failing
I have all Cs
I have all As and a single B in Aice biology I want o u t



I'm gonna see if I can get my pit ticket for Nov 1st. I need to go with you guys!
nooooooo 😭 we're going November 1st!
OMG, I don't even know what day I'm even going anymore. My friend is playing with my feelings. lol
hey! I think we're going to Kanye the same day 😈
I'm taking my vicks and put it around my mask. The smell is gonna be amazing!



thank you!! ☺️
You did so well tonight!!
aww thanks Kent!! ☺️
You'll do great!
I haven't sang in front of a crowd since middle school and I'm so nervous for tomorrow omg



i did it yesterday thought it was just a tweak... but i woke up this morning to find out otherwise
it's too early to be hurting yourself
😕
awww poor baby
nothing to like here 🙄



it's just childish to me... to run to a social site and block someone. You put to much time into that.
I wasn't trying to "debate" I just wanted to know your reasoning
I don't want to make this a debate it's just my opinion
what's wrong with blocking ppl?
People really take the time out their lives to block folks from social media when they mad..



ok I got you 😂
Better hook me up lol
trust me I already had plans when I saw them😂
you gonna add an extra kick to em 😉 if you know what I mean lol
Wing stop starts selling brownies next week 😋😋😋😋



😂😂 aw man.
lol nooooo 😩 wait I had to my rate was horrible smh
lmao she said you left her.
😂 why what I do? Lol
tiara said she's gonna fight you lol



idk man
why is she like this...
my day just went to shit
omg wtf espi
Please by all means come home and complain about your day to me &amp; then proceed to tell me birthdays don't matter when you're older 🙃



America also allows people to freely profess religion in public spaces. This can go too far, but so can enforced secularism.
Okay. What else?
For one, in America, symbols of religion, like the hijab, are accepted, which helps people of different faiths assimilate.
How so?
America has all sorts of problems, but the American view of religious freedom is far superior to the laïcité of Europe.



I've been thinking about it but I think he might be doing a lot of his new gay shit
chance tbh
chance is this Saturday 😭
you need to come see me bitch
Should I go see chance the rapper or Kanye 😢



sn that's my son 😂😂😂💀
Whyyyyyy 😂😂😂
I kinda sorta do 😅😂😂😂😂😂
Huhhhh, 😂😂👀
I miss Kevon 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂



long story. I'll tell ya about it when I get a phone repair hopefully today
how?
I'm a felon
Charges? The hell?!?
Got off on all all nine charges. Panicking can now cease.



I lost trust in ucla
prob
lmao so the guy lied to me ???
they were the actors
So I came to a haunted house thinking that UCLA students would be the actors...



look hard enough u might find one lol
I gotta find your before pic lol
yea
you had one?
getting feeling back in ur nipples after a boob job is the one of the most uncomfortable sensations ever



I'm tired of this fucking guy retweeting me every time I say this fucking guy
this fucking guy go to a gas station and buy a charger
im on my computer bro my phone is dead
you're a cocksucker for dubbing my FaceTime at 3:40 Am bro like cmon you're not busy
so hungry



too late
go to sleep. or you'll have bags. and be ugly.
hey sexy 😘
hey zaddy 🙋🏽
It's always something



You're overthinking this Ces :P
what if the child has that Benjamin Button?
any child.
is it a small child or a big child
Is it ok to say no kids allowed at a wedding?



lmao I cannot w/ you, ain't nobody teach me that 😂😩.
girl what Atlanta nigga done taught u the word "bih" unfinished ass word
lol aight see you lil bih 💕😘
Miss you more I'm coming over this weekend so be prepared 😘
Girl I miss your irky ass🙄🙃



no he's had enough got to change my topic
Howard will pick up hang tight!   #caw #caw #caw
Im holding but no pick up .. too aggravating
Tell em Mariann!   I've had enough of this fat ass.   Howard is too nice to him cut all ties immediately.  #vortex
I'm busting in brooklyn!



Lol. Toilet water.
drink toilet water or lick their own butt?
I only assumed dogs did this... so gross. Lol
I hate the thought of my pets drinking from the toiletCause that's what they do if we don't put the lid down. buttlickers.
Michelle is constantly yelling at me to put the top lid of the toilet seat down and I always shrug it off...



I'm so happy you guys had a great night aye during our short face time I got Apple B's lit I was like ayyyyeee lol
yes we did, getter was frickin dope 🤗
did you guys have a great night ?
💗💗💗
for face timing me for a minute to say happy birthday during a set thats how you know its real



dude no idc lol you should come you're definitely more than welcome to when i do!! we should plan
I'm like totally inviting myself rn hahah but I'd be so down 😂
spring break again 👀
when are you goingggg 👀
i wanna get a nice hotel or penthouse or somethinggggg for rocky point but it's hard to find pppl who will pay their part, and ahead of time



LMFAO YOU FEEL ME BRUH!!! I NEED some penetration going on or else that shit is BORING
I don't even watch that shit unless a strap on involved and even that shit boring
Nigga I fucking hope not lol Lesbian porn is boring as shit
She gonna get out and her new thing gonna be eating pussy i'd almost bet on it lmfao
lol aye yo this video I just saw...... Teanna Trump outta jail yet bruh???



lmao it's dismal I don't even like r&amp;b
lmaoo. I'd love to see the rest of your top 5.
exit
i disagree with that...but the remix with Remy was my shit
When I See You x Fantasia is a top 5 r&amp;b song. Debate your auntie



might go idk yet lol
hahaha it's cus my homie kept bringing up oil burners earlier . That damn tweaker. Lol SHWB show on Halloween. Let's get it?
wym? lol
pipe. 😉
lmfaoooo these niggas would b up rn &amp; call me to smoke up



I would if he'd leave me tf alone
stop talking to him
Tyler said that to me but okay
you don't even hang out with me anymore so I disagree with that statement😂
I was just told that I care too much about my friends. how the fuck does that work??



one thing that's unusual is that me and another family member both got it at times of great sedentary-ness. I got it when
i don’t know either. i’d be surprised if there were not, because it seems logical, but i don’t know.
I don't know if there's a relationship between insomnia symptoms and UC.
sorry man. that sucks.
I've got major issues sleeping. Melatonin doesn't move the needle. I can read halfway through a polymer eng. textbook without sleeping



I do what I want.
Don't be from Marshall.
I'll kill your cat and take a video of it 😂
I'll shoot your dog.
To all cubs fans, if you win the series, congrats it's been 108 years😂



what I need is someone to help me go shoe shopping. I'm literally wearing 2 right shoes
wish there was something I could do
pain. Shoes. Life.
'smatter hon?
Help Seriously



She even had Deidre Hall doing her hair. #Thestruggleisreal
When she returned to GH in 2003, she told Soap Opera Digest that she hadn't gone clothes shopping in 10 years. lol
Yes ma'am she is!!! Plus the wardrobe department is finally dressing her right. No more fashions by Dorothy Zbornak.
That's why she's the queen of Port Charles.
#GH Jane Elliot looking FLAWLESS as ever!!!!!



You're kindly welcome. I watch Good Day New York almost every morning.
thanks for listening and paying attention  :)
Oh, I see.
yes correct, I was thinking it leads to the Cross Bronx Expwy so my wires got crossed there.
You mean the camera at the George Washington Bridge is face Northern Manhattan-not the Bronx.



ywah man, Infinite is bullshit. I don't know what the devs were thinking, it's so watered down compared to 1
Gear system is a fucking joke. How do you go from bs1/2 system to a 5 item gear system. The actual fuck.
The Burial At Sea episodes are a lot better. Not just because it was Rapture, the gameplay was just heavily improved.
We didn't talk about this? I fell for the hype, but Infinite is ridiculously overrated.
Replaying all the Bioshock games i have come to realize Infinite wasnt that great. :/



Wordliiife!! Let's get it!!
doors at 9 pm i believe.
my dude!!! Good looking out brosef!!!  Kill that shit tonight!!! I'll def be there tonight! What times the show 2nite?
yo i put you on the list homie.
Masters of the machines tonight! #boston #hiphop #rap #beats #instrumentals #showcase #battle #show #nightlife



You bet I will!
Yes... speaking at 1pm on 11/9. Come to my session!
Trish u gonna be at inbound016?
Thanks.. I love that analogy!






too bad /:
exactly! But I'm still alive
haha you're living proof 😂
my mom can agree that that just happens when you have boys
My mom talking to Mitch: "I think the last two times I've been out of state you've gone to the emergency room so let's not this time okay?"



I will tell it to head overseas for you
thats okay i dont discriminate
it's ugly drippy rain in 8°c,though ...not nice rain
you can give it to me if you dont like it
Wtf who put all this rain outside. Put that back.



lmfao whatever it is I kinda like it 😤😂
They gave you a cleanser.😂😂😂😂
lmao yeah they gave us these drinks in a tiny shot sized cup and all today I've been using the bathroom lol
😳😳😳😳😳
Now I know why I was shitting all day. That damn chia seed lemonade that Japanese restaurant gave me lol



plane ticket can be over $1000 but inflation is high $50= 1mil in their money but prices are different like 20,000 for soup
it's 5 racks to get out there 😱
throw $5000
take meee
so happy i get to go back to  Việt Nam sooner than i thought 😬



hell yeah lol super affordable also
recommend?
dude yessss
have you tried wings n go?
Craving wings



say less
make it $10
put $5 on it
with 3 more in your future
Cubs just took the hard L



lol, well you're probably a better customer then I am...lol I feel kinda forced to upgrade but I don't see the need
they let me upgrade no problem &amp; that's the only reason I upgraded was because I had a 5s
the 5s cause I couldn't upgrade for the longest time cause AT&amp;T is an asshole 😩
which one you got now?
I want to get the 7 but I'm so skeptical but I need a new iPhone ☹️️☹️️



I know🙄
I will 😏
go suck a dick somewhere else
no one wants you bitch
When he leaves you on delivered..



the world? dude you suck so bad at insults/comebacks. i shouldn't have expected anything more from a retard.
Do the world a favor and don't. Your respect would mean shit to me anyway don't mention it like i care, thanks :)
triggered, much? i don't want to watch any more of your shit videos. i have no respect for cucky retards like you.
you don't understand shit is my problem, my next video will address that...
Hey, you're the worst journalist ever. Never do an interview again.






story were you indicating
has Dem-organized violence @ Trump rallies, mass voter fraud, campaign law breaches.
what story ?
/ break is front page stuff!



damn that's awesome
😂😂 gotta love timehop it's awesome to see that though because now look har far you've come man
wow, I don't even remember tweeting that 🙂
i'm sorry what was that? 🤔😂😂😂😂
Im not good enough to play at and D1 or D2 schools that would be a dream



OMG WHYYYYY. TELL THEM NO
I KNOW, I KNOW, LO SIENTO!!! 😩 I was going during Christmas but, my grandparents decided to come out to Cali for Christmas 😒
you're supposed to visit me here in Texas, BUT WYA
😯... oh yeah, that's right 😬... I'm still in SD 😒😩. I'll be home in fall of next year!!
your tweets about Texas are making me want to come home 😭



oh shit that ain't shit to come up with lol
I think it's only like 4 more bars
My dawg!!! 🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾 i need to send that to snook to short that hook and see how much more i gotta write
writing the verse as we speak
got that cashin remix coming 🤘🏾💵



sooo we getting that business proposal together?
lol
gurrrrrl  imma need you to get with it
never watched that either. remind me next wk when it comes on.
Maybe cause I was sleepy and dosed off but last night's #atlantafx was blaaah



RIGHT???
I HATE IT SO MUCH BUT I LOVE IT AT THE SAME TIME
IM CRYING AVA ITS SO GOOD
SHRIEKING RAPTOR MELODY
FLINTSONES TO SNOW HALATION



thanks hon. I mean it. 😘 many hugs back!
😘💞
thanks Kat and Patrick. U guys both sleep well yourself. Appreciate all the love and hugs &amp; knowing u care. C'ya tomorrow.
You have a good night too. Hoping for good sleep for you tonight! 💗💗💗😃🐇
Oh this was a three parter huh? I totally forgot that! Goodnite all and thanks 4 being here. Sleep well and take care. LLAP. 🖖🏻 #allstartrek



lol omg. I love concerts, everything abt them. Kanye concerts are great tho, so visual w ittt
just too many people too much going on. I only would/have gone thru that for someone I absolutely love.... aka Rihanna 😂
lol thats what i meant to ask.....
what DONT u like abt Kanye?
Wish I liked concerts I would go see Kanye



conoce a Charlotte Rampling, Laider?
Oh, perdón. Los confundí.
el sr R me endilga (?) a mí un gusto nefando por las menopáusicas, de modo que seguro la encuentra Bieja a Hurley
Como el horno no estaba para bollos el otro día, nunca le pregunté al Robok si considera que Liz Hurley es demasiado joven aún.
Tengo uno polémico: Ximena Clark #iguols



If mag succeed streaming plan ko. Feature taka haha
most legit gamer
fck you bruh. 70% League 20% OW 10% Starcraft 2.. yes I will be MLG
just like ur trash plays, scrub
Filipinos and their trash decisions



You may be right. By their own admission, if they wanted to see Dad it had to be in his office.
okay, i just think you might be assuming a bit about nanny.   Mothers,agree..but he kids have his business mind,,, he taught them
Have😍
you know so much ..... i am so impressed,,, should write a book
He did not raise those kids, their mothers and nannies did. He left his family for another woman when Ivanka was seven.  #debate



you're right!! That's where all the money went that I paid!
the shirts and the free food make it all worth it 😍
I LOVE IT
it doesn't stop the older you get either
I've been in college like 1/8th of the year and I already have 20 NAU shirts



eventually maybe lol
kml only because ion like people staring at me 🙄 but you could've came up to me . i'm nice 😂
you be looking unbothered &amp; it'd be awkward just walking up being like oh ik you lol
lol you do . why youn speak 🌚
😌🌚I see you all the time 🌚🌚🌚



Barkley is so out of touch, he is an Uncle Tom
ESPECIALLY Jim Brown. They're not offering anything outside of typical victim/community blaming. This is solving nothing.
can at least one of them talk about their experience about how they were Fd with because of their race, they have stories
like...what...is...the...point if you're giving one sided opinions?
Watching this TNT NBA deal about race, such weak sauce, so out of touch of the legit issues of the movement, why bother then



the last thing I said to her when I dropped her off at school was "Be nice to him" 💔
RIP pauddy
she's gonna officially break it off today.. poor Paul.. it's not his fault he was born boring...
what's going on
It's a bad day to be Paul... 🙁



say less 💪🏾
i ask cause I wanna play pool💪🏿
yes ma'am
you got a iPhone?
if you text back in 0.5 seconds hmu



🚮 ms white is a saint
C*😂
still got a A tho 🤘🏼
15*
How do I have 11 absences in English already 🙄



I know we'll plan something soon!❤️
that would have been so nice to work with you again!! Let's hang out soon! ❤️
omg I know i can't believe that, I would have been there if I wasn't working! &amp; I miss you I wish we could have also!!😭❤️
same. And when my staff leaves me hanging and don't show up for their shifts 😩 I miss you! I wish we could've talked longer!
biggest pet peeve is when I tell a customer "have a good day" and then they don't say anything back



been there! I know the feeling oh so well
growing out a pixie cut, so I am ready to rip my hair out. Over it. Hate it. 😂😂😂
it was pony tail day but I loooovvee dry shampoos!
I do that because I don't want to was the whole head, but those bangs gotta be styled 😄👌dry shampoo the rest!
I washed my bangs so does that count for washing my hair? I think it does 💪👍



LMAOOO, just kidding 😇
bet
who r u again ??? 😒
ur not
im siced asf i got a 100 on that Us/Va test 🙂 im tufffff



you know me 😉👅
oh i see lmao &amp; i see why you got that 😜😏💀
she didn't technically make me, but she is a very good at convincing
what did she make you get 😩😂
😂😂



cool ttyl 💕
next time you'll get a personal one
yea well an invite would be nice ya know
you're always there anyways
you never ask me



forreal.
spot on babe 👊🏼
well am I wrong??!? Lol
oh my gawwdddd 😅
I don't think it's coincidence that pretty and petty are spelled so similar 🤔🤔



stfu and love me
that's fine, nexttt👀
oops
so ur cheating on me
some of the conversations ash and I have actually sound like we date or something idk



no I ended up having to wait for another bus to come
Not sure why the Operator was not able to wait and accomodate you. Were you able to get on the other bus? ^HK
I was waiting at the stop and two 196 buses pulled up, we tried to go to the empty one but he looked at us and closed the door
Were you already at the stop when the bus arrived or approaching vehicle when it was at the stop? ^HK
pls explain



That said, your talk at AltConf this year did a lot to reinvigorate me. Thank you for that.
Gotta say, it’s disheartening. I’ve spent years doing voter reg, financially supporting opponents, &amp; writing, but Arpaio keeps winning.
Good luck. We're all counting on you. ✈️
We’re sure trying out here.
I know 2016 has been rough, but if this is the year Joe Arpaio finally goes down, it might have been worth it.



lol I neeeeed it
bye Keith💀
bring lotus 😊
i'll think about it
My birthday November 11... make a note of that shit.



aight bet bet bet bet bet bet! Imma get some today &amp; see what it's shakin with
yeah but witch hazel dried my skin out a lot but I guess it's just whatever works for you, everyone's different (:
right.. cause I use witch hazel now. Are they like the same thing?
yesssss, helped my skin so much, reduced size of my pores, nose area is way less shiny, even some acne scars faded
Does rose water help improve skin?



yo boi, my tweets be fire af, boi.
boi u stupid, making all kinds of stupid comments. Just stop
you ain't no English speaker, Boi
boi u ain't no steelers fan smh
A TRUE STEELER FAN demands more than a list of empty apologies and promises. #steelers #BanBigBum



lol some people for sure
we live on rice and stew and we all skinny lmao
Aha says who?!
rice and stew is healthy bro lolol
You know when you eat "healthy then you have random urges for Rice &amp; Stew -- my Africans know what I'm talking about 😭



it's my trademark I haven't done it in a while lol
btw did you just change your avi AGAIN? 😂
just doooo it 🙌🏽
this motivates me to workout today even tho I feel sick and have a headache 😷
6 am workouts and I'm somehow still awake rn. Kill me.



Bruh I didn't even know they had Japanese food
the only good thing about Denton is the Japanese food lol
explains why I'm always there 😂
people from Denton are hillbillies so
It's so funny how people that live in Denton think that the Asheboro mall is fancy 😂😂😂😂



it's gonna be ugly.
have a priest pray over tj before warmups
he hurt
bayless don't start point?
poor TJ McConnell smfh



thanks, and thanks for reaching out!
Totally understandable. If I can help you minimize the impact at all, or answer any other questions, definitely let me know!
nope. my provider includes it by default, and it is not the easiest to clean out. all good now. I think. less you, more them.
That's a bummer. We're not for everyone, though, I understand. Is there anything I can do to help?
holy fuck I hate cpanel.



If it's turned-based definitely assume control. Making it AI just creates a variable out of your control.
It'd be cool to implement a coop mode w this feature though. Not sure how accessible that'd be on the roblox platform tho.
Personally I don't find AI companions very fun or game-changing, they're often just... there.
Is this for BS? How's the combat work right now? I think that would be an important influence on the direction you take.
theoretically, lets say you have a companion, should it be controlled by the leader or act depending on the situation in the fight?



black and white calls should be decided by technology. Especially when a baseball is moving 80-105 MPH.
ball/strike is a black and white call. Two states. Fumbles and catches are not.
there’s more to look at in football. In baseball, a computer as you see on TV, can do it instantly.
big difference between discerning a ball/strike in baseball and fumble/catch in football.






BRUHH I BET A LOT OF COLLEGES DO THAT OMG GOOD IDEA
get a job at usc (that involves writing???) and you get a certain number of class credits for free!
the ideal: writing for a living but then taking like 4 classes per year for the rest of my life.
poetry, non european literature, philosophy, queer history, women's history, fashion, shamanism, sculpture, particle physics, sequential art
things i want to study: cultural anthropology, world mythology, religion, east asian history, astrophysics again, evolutionary biology,



tysm I'll try to pick one😍😍
Austin Powers, Nick Miller, Schmidt, Chris Kyle, Justin Bieber, gynecologist,  poop emoji, Stitch, Harambe and I'm out
Twinkie, gatsby, mermaid man or barnacle boy, avocado, Ron Swanson, Ron Burgundy, blades of glory guys, Mr. Incredible, pug
troll doll, Johnny Bravo, Shaggy from scooby doo, lunch lady, sexy kitty, girl who shakes the fish in finding memo, drake
Guys what should I be for Halloween??????? Need real tips



will do😊😊
YES! Text me when you get here😍
I'll be at state on Saturday, so maybe I'll see ya❤
I miss you too Dom❤️
Happy birthday Scotty B❤ I might be crazy, but I actually miss you😘 Have a great day b, you deserve it!



no the are not. No effn way will I meet someone from here. Most are woman that scare me. So no. Just no.
coz followers are around in your real life?
it's cool. Harder for me to hide though.
I am just hiding here for speak out my real thought...
us photographers are always last. It's like you want it when!!!???



I think I'll be asleep then :C
around 10 hours from now, If i'm not too exhausted later
are you streaming? :&gt;
Guess what my plan is for tonight :P
I really want more Zabivaka porn. Like a lot more!



you know it's as homo as it can get
no homo
bjeblak matchday programme and will try to get it signed 😘
nshalla betkoun overweight 3al tiyara you cunt
Woke up and found out we were able to get tickets to Chelsea Tottenham next month!I've never been happier



your compa Alex with the hot cheeto fries tho
no hay pedo compa, es el pisto
pinchi vato lonjudo
yea right I'm going to bed nigga
Gym time



lol spurs beat them boys up
idk im just talking g 😂 i ain't even watch the game
Wym
not this yr b
These commentators are wild, this hoe said the spurs ain't that good



us too. It’s weird.
I’m starting episode 6 now. I’m totally lost on the relationship between the young lawyer and the old guy.
watched 6 episodes. Some parts are weird but overall like it. Nice combo of this plus Bosch.
how far in are you?
Goliath is a good show. My wife and I have enjoyed it so far. #Goliath #Amazon



im not coming until Thursday night
what time u be in Miami?
always
be safe
so sleepy.



Oooookayyyy.
hopefully I can find a babysitter! I'll let you kno.
It starts at 8! 😬😬😬
I totally forgot! 😳😳 what time does it start again?
wooohoooo!!



me too, i gave in to resell prices though /:
im dumb for procrastinating like i knew my dumb ass wanted to go i shouldve bought them as soon as it was announced
the prices they're going for now are how much the meet &amp; greets were 🙄
i tried buyin tix for me n the homie but they sold out im mad now the prices are inflated as a mug :(
Can't wait for the Party &amp; Jeremih show😈



i didn't yell..
don't yell
dammit jordyn you didn't respond so i totally forgot #yourfault
and never texted me and shit
i'm up at 3am practicing my costume makeup. 😅 wide awake and shit



yeah hes pretty darn good. i told a cubs fan last night that he scared me more at the plate than baez
Contreras scares me hahaha
Montero usually catches Arrieta. We'll see. They may opt for Contreras given time of year, but Montero normally does.
really? I'm surprised it's not Willson Contreras starting at catcher for them
So, we will probably see Miguel Montero vs. Trevor Bauer tonight. That might be somewhat entertaining. Like Bauer needs the added motivation



too much sass lmao idk if I can handle it
honestly I want that voice as my gps
this is what dreams are made of 😌🌟💫
amazing
update: my lyft driver has madea's voice as his gps and my ankle is sprained from the show



lmao if only
it's okay just sneak the GPS into their phone lmao
smh 😒
they say that about all of em 💔
"Mostly all Marines are fuck boys" --a US Marine 💀💀💀💀💀💀



Goddamn kids these days with their pre-coffee and their SMS.
If that's what the kids are calling it these days.
Cocaine, right? You’re talking about cocaine?
You need some sort of pre-coffee coffee.
Excuse me while I try to figure out how to make the coffee before I’ve had the coffee.



He also abandoned his man's. And he be acting all soft and emotional.
cause he a hoe ass nigga. Blow a 3-1 lead to them niggas. Then join they team. He had a squad. Should a went to the finals.
how?
KD Fluke
That first loss a fluke



doesn't matter though - now I got both of em :)
I don't use that just games
it seemed like the tv feature was the big deal and it didn't appeal to me
What took you so long
Just got the XBox One - let's see how long I keep the TV integration thing in play. I'm thinking not long.



first off it was popcorn(you tried it) second off that was an hour ago and third off my name is Cameron
cause you're eating chips in bed, also your name is Cam
how do you know?
false
Ridin round my city, got a blondie sittin shotty and she lookin pretty



What? He has a great contract! He is a 2- C unlike #Little who is a 3+ with much more grit and more offence.
Problem is Kadri is overpaid. No way anyone takes that contract.
Really? They should rethink that. #Little is miscast with too many minutes. Kads would alleviate the minutes.
Jets want a stud D in return. Reilly only one that fits their wants.
Would much rather have two more stud D in this lineup #Trouba #Lindholm with the young Fs than #Kadri and #JVR Those D will mature at 26.



Not every day but as much as possible. Looking into 530am sessions.
Sweet. We knew it! So know that you're back on the grind, are you going to the gym every day??
Like a boss!
Awesome! Did you kill it on your first day back?
Back to the gym...day 1 begins now.



they hurt so bad I wanna cry
yo boobies
lol that's so not nice taj
that's what you get
My 🍒 sore as fuck , worst pain ever



stop that hashtag now
NOW ALL THREE OF US HAVE PROBLEMS #RubChucksBack
BUT JOSH IS THE ONE WHO HAS A PROBLEM!
other way around
Let's take a vote! Should Chuck rub Josh's back?



my mama told don't let nobody hit your sisters,brothers , cousins allat so
you tripping.
even if she winning
🤔 even if she winning?
I WILL NOT JUST SIT THERE AND LET MY SISTERS FIGHT !! Idc idc I am going to jump in if you THEM you going to have to be touched by me



all your great pics are there.
Lol, I was hoping my account wasn't glitched or what not😘💋💋
It's my phone...but I found them.
They're all in my profile. Same place they've always been
where are your photos darling?



Jump out the door. Tuck and roll. Don't die
worst driver ever
oh no why/how 😩
my uber driver about to kill me tbh
My uber driver is listening to old school R&amp;B and getting real into it and singing the highest pitch female parts under his breath.



No because we was there so we thought i'd be fine but fuck we will lock it all the time now.... it's scary indeed o.o
what the hell?!? ID BE SO DAMN SCARED THOUGHWere the doors locked?
we didn't heard anyone entering in the appartment ?????
Ommg?? what happened??
I think I will hide my stuff somewhere when I will leave the house in case the robber sneak in again...



IT WAS JUNHO'S SONG RIGHT?WOWOW
I LOVE IT LMAO I'M SO LKAJFKJAFK GOD. I /LOVE/ IT
RIGHT? omg soooooo jam
this seems sooooo up your alley!
I LOVEEEEEEEEEEEE THIS FUCK






promise you it wont be a close game



Warriors gone win by 40 when they play OKC
Westbrook somewhere chuckling with a notepad in hand.



exactly! Like just love to criticize women as if Future doesn't have 5 more women out there with his children. Like bye man.
but if she were to go back they were talk about her for doing Russell like that...
these mfs still waiting on her to go back to Future like she don't have a whole husband... 😑😑
who did they want her to have it by? 🙄
Not that people are actually coming for Ciara for having a baby BY HER DAMN HUSBAND!! Oooh I strongly dislike allllll of you.



ramen noodles lol
what you gone eat
fuck it might as well
fuckit eat up
I'm really trying my hardest not to eat rn but I'm starving



Trying to figure out where Rick Steves came from. The cust service ladies were super nice, though...



Mmm...didn't get that detail, but I met up with Rick Steves like he was my best friend.









bummer! Sounds like the usual quality issues that Nexus was known for. 😔
The screen doesn't look that good. At some point the edges look a bit blurry like the optics of glass are off.
I really love my GS7! Except for the glass back, as we've already discussed. :/ What was bad about Pixel?
i'm sending back the pixel. I prefer the GS7 over it. I prefer plain android but GS7 looks and feels better
Looking for a water resistant #case not made by LifeProof. Any recommendations? #smartphone #GS7



forever broke ahhhhhhhh TT
Hehe..!!! I'm still waiting for Galaxy's DVD... And they have the Dome Conc now, we'll be broke..!! 😭😭😭
i hope!wanted to see his hair up again cuz it's the best hairstyle on him sobs
Haha...!!!! It sounds pretty good tho.... Hehee..!!!!
hope they did't fuck up minjun's hair this time



there’s nothing to see, just a frozen window
Send ne screen shot about the error to fix it
it’s not a specific error it just very quickly stops responding
Send me screenshot for the error
I’m getting major problems with the wallet in MacOS Sierra, any ideas?



you're gonna have loads of fun lol
same
yeah I'm working on Halloween lol
it doesn't love you
Love my job



yeah dat way ↗️😂
staying cheap on em like Uncle Craig 😴
I'm tryna get some like you 🌚
thank you my guy!!! Let me hold sum! 💰






Okay text me.
I swear I'm going then we can transfer out together after the 1st or 2nd year
YOU BETTER BE GOING HOE.
TroyU21
UA'21 or UAB'21 🙇🏾



girl y wouldn't he make u
if I come and he makes me take it I might cry
HAHA 😖😰
looks like I ain't coming
yikes I completely forgot I have an economics test today...😰😰



are killin' me.  #custserv lessons are needed.
Please provide the incident number when you e-mailed us so we can make sure we received the e-mail. ^TV
Ya lost the package.
I am sorry this package has not been delivered. Please e-mail our team the tracking info at help.com. ^TV
'LOSE' a 127lb, 57 in long bright red crate?  It was shipped with 2 other identical crates that arrived.  Fix this folks.



don't know yet I text you
what time are we studying tom?
SAMEEE!
I LEGIT DONT KNOW HOW I ALWAYS END UP ON TWITTER!!
B, WHY ARE YOU ON TWITTER! YOU SHOULD BE STUDYING! THIS IS WHY I'M A GOOD FRIEND😊😘



Will do
We can check it out. Please DM us your confirmation number. ^TY
But I now have the club card...
The MileagePlus Explorer card allows for your first checked bag to fly free. ^TY
confused, thought I get 2 free checked bags with Explorer club card



I'm gonna call game 1 luck
series***
I've been saying whoever won the RedSox Indians game was going to win the World Series
you just gotta go for Cleveland 🙄😂
Perez is having himself a day! #WorldSeries #clevelandalltheway



ur right there
idk where he is
why can't u get me my bf
i can get you got chocolate but not your bf
i want hot chocolate &amp; my bf



False witness is meaningless-get out of alternative universe



In what universe?
#Watergate is nothing compared to #Hillary &amp; the #ClintonFoundation.
what a wonderful endorsement from #Nixon of Watergate and misuse of DOJ reputation and his rather silly grandson



You'd totally fail as a blogger! Get a FP for 7:55 on 11/18 and you can ride it with me!
Aaaaaaah. I still haven’t been on Frozen ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Potato sack race down MSUSA!
Danggit, I missed a race? To where are they racing?
It's fun to watch the bloggers race.



rude.
Maybe cuz he sucks and they didn't need him for game 1 😜🙃
if he was on the team, why would he just be showing up to game number two?!
Lol, it sounds like he's on the team!
Husband goes to the #WorldSeries tomorrow... #GoTribe! #IndiansvsCubs #Indians



I'll text u guys tomorrow bc we're making this happen
no doubt she's coming
you comin???
let's go!!
I haven't been to Dave and busters yet 😳 I need to go ASAP



still real life hurt by you
don't you ever 🙄
you really don't :(
I miss u
I miss my family 😐



thanks dood 😎🙏
yayayayay that's so exciting!
dude yah my papers are in 🙊
are you going on a mission?!?
lol can my call come plz 🙃



crazy that was almost 10 years ago lol
ppl forget how good those dudes were man lol
lmaooo Kawhi wasnt even in the league then
remember when iggy and lee were all stars? lol
why Kawhi do Iggy like dat???



wait no, in my 50s that's when you can start being really gross and you can just blame it on being old. I like that.
i can't wait to rock my 40s though, single or not. I want to be that 40 year old with too much confidence and too high of heels
yeah it's terrifying. I feel like if I don't have a family I'll probably kill myself before 50.
Consensus is women disappear to society around forty and I only got 14 years to go
You can get away with whatever you want in life. You just have to be beautiful.



you're in Maine? It's very similar to my home province Nova Scotia. Really love Maine.
There's a place up the coast, near where we like to get away for the weekend, that makes them. Quite expensive, but super nice!
I love those old wooden ones! Here in Ontario they're getting rare.
They are still big here!  A lot of old houses have nice wooden ones, which make a nice sound when they close!
What happened to screen doors? I miss screen doors. A nice way to kind of have your door open for neighbors.



hopefully!!
well there filming season2 already so it might answer the confusing questions at the end
dude there was so much hype about it and the ending killed it, I expected way more
ayy you finally watched it OMG
Stranger things on Netflix had the lamest ending ever 😒



no this one came through email. I didn't get one on my other accounts so must be random selection?
nice, was it one of the random popups in the app to get to it?
25 dollas!
how much?
gift card upon completion of their survey! #legit 💰💳



I'm just speaking the truth on the TL 😩 that's allllllllll
😂😂😂 I can't with you rn Morgan , you got me weak I already got a headache
I'm so fucking serious lmaooooo niggas out here really thinking they going D1 .. I can't 😩
😂
Y'all weak ass niggas swear basketball gunna get you thru life but y'all can barely hoop



its weird but to be fair I'm the supervisor n break every written rule there openly at the same time so I can't drag them
she sounds gross lmao wtf, why do people think that's an appropriate work conversational topic?
I was like "how u kno" n she was like "I jus kno what ppl like" then I asked "what do I like" n she said "no comment don't wanna b rude"
this girl customer walked in n my coworker goes "yup that girl likes girls"
My job hired this 30 year old lady and I thought she was aight but she swears she's got a gaydar



lol fr, ive watched it at least half a dozen times for no reason.
damn right... Tokyo Drift has the best opening in film history
thats one of the best soundtracks ive ever heard, that would be perfect.
and Six Days from Tokyo Drift plays in the back.
i wish everytime i opened the door to get out of my car, 11 beautiful white doves would come flying out in slow motion



you probly offered and I said I'll let you know but ok lol
Yes u did but ok lol.
I didn't ask ypu
why ask me to get you if someone else is....
don't fall asleep and forget to pick me up



good idea I'll incorporate it
I will definitely buy a copy if it comes with a free bookmark molded after your penis
my life
about?
I'm writing a book



I do the same thing, let Chubbs have his hands dirty lol you see DreamChasers didn't do anything
he can do that without pretending he got heat and shit lol. Sit down Jimmy! 😂😭
😂 he's just giving out bars to the people who asked for them
he's still cotton soft. He just got flow. Idk how we let a Toronto kid act so thug and get away with it 😂😭
Before, Drake was ✌🏾️cotton soft✌🏾️, now he's a bully bc he responded to bars that mention his name.



good! Enjoy!
I'll be celebrating later, but fun will be had eventually. :)
I've been all right. (Can complain, DO complain, shouldn't complain, you know.) Have you had fun times on your bday?
Thank you! So good to hear from you! Hope all is well with you too! :)
happy birthday! Hope all is well.



The Darkness at Queen St. Would really recommend it if you're looking to go again!
psycho, I was in the Westboro location you?
Yeah the rooms are tough! Which one did you do?
I was there too! didn't escape though😛
tonight! And we managed to escape The Darkness with 3 minutes to spare! 😈



well since you're up ....🍕🍟🍔🌮🍗🍖🍟👀👀
I know can't sleep duhh
but you're on Twitter 🤔
girl it's 2 am and I'm trying to sleep 🤔
make me some food pls ....



:bearhug:
having a pity party for one 😄
Omg what are you doing up?
niiiiiiikkkkkkkkkkkk
Open eyes. Stretch. Brush teeth. Drink water. Open laptop.Wait, it's only 4:45a?!One o' dese days, brain, pow! Right in the kisser!



I will for my birthday 😇
maybe try switching it up once in a while 🤔
always 🤔😪😴
🎉⬇️💰⬆️
Ended the week with 63 hours 😇🤑



I know that's why you so excited twww look way you feba lls😂💀
I'm just saying young buck. Lol 😂 , but I just got off work lol
🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
I'll sleep when I'm dead. 😏
go tf to sleep 🙄



like you said it's just the beginning I got moves in the cut
watchin this shit is exciting lol
respect bro
both had to overcome a lot of adversity and personal challenges JUST to keep this music grind alive, but they've come so far. . .
✊🏾



damn I got pack sam can't smoke 🙃
I'm in the islands 😔
wyo
I just got out here big homie






miss you Mips
okay just remember you are more beautiful than Cinderella. You have a face like sunshine and you smell like pine needles.
oh I'm actually happy haha like I thought he was like byyyyeee but I forgot he has a job
lol I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not
Best feeling is being left on read and he texts you when he's off work



lmfao chill mannnn damn
man I'm EDSU 😂😂 it's Satan. wow I knew you then... Why didn't I tell you any better? 😂
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 I loved Lil Wayne chill🤒😂
😭
Lo ' shy got that fiya &amp; dese hoes love me like satin yeaaa






I didn't know it was the weekend already 🤔



mmmmmm 😏
I think your a bitch but that's okay cause I'm having fun



humans are overrated.
i know not Plato's theories. I prefer to discover humans one at a time.
Plato's cave theory strikes again.
we are monsters and cringe, then run away screaming.
Comedians aren't politicians. They exist to hold a mirror up to society. #lookatyourselves



so you're sisters can come to Pittsburgh but you can't?!? Lame
nope! Netflix??
ugh I know 😞😞😞 I was gonna watch the movie "Todos se van" have you heard of it?
spanish &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; todas otras cosas
Instead of watching the Spanish film I was assigned to, I watched the help instead 😜



you are tho
You're sweet
you don't count, you're a creative mastermind
mind your business
Why tf you up? You don't have work in the morning, lazy ass bum?



I don't fucking know anymore to be completely honest
IDGI
ju her mii
guat
Hey Melissa, who don't you actually tweet rather than retweet shit?



likewise
of course bro! I'll never stop
that's why stopping is not an option
been thru it and I agree 100%
Seeing your mom cry motivates you like no other 💯



YES PLEASEE!!!🐌🐌🐌🐌🔥🤘
I'm glad he dropped it though. Man dude I wish SIS could come around already so we can fuck shit up together 😭
it was dope dude
damn.. 🙁
oh and getter opened with thizz dance so that was cool



why you still up?
fug you
call of duty isn't even close to the top this year. 😂😂
cod first of all
There are so many games coming out in the next three weeks and I'm annoyed. I have to plan which games I'm going to buy when. 😟



sucks bc we're going on an adventure
you know I don't like to do anything.....
Next week, we're hanging
I literally cannot leave my house until Thursday because school is life
I really miss you more, wanna hang out



The news seems to be the folks with the fixation - too afraid to mention it when it is relevant to the story and public safety.
I was not careful enough to avoid it. My bad ; ).
Who mentioned race?
I honestly don't understand the fixation on race.
Per local news again this morning, we apparently have to worry about ALL teens in the city. "Teens" attacked a bus now. #smh



right lol gotta call it like it is haha
Lol well, it would be weird for a man to call another man a hoe, but by definition, he is.
hella men on the TL
Who said he wasn't?
so what is Future for having hella kids by different women? lmao he ain’t a hoe? but Ciara is? ok



you don't even know honey 💕 I need to see you soon!
I miss you mucho!!! 💚
you know you can hmu anytime papí ;)))
I wanna see you naked baby 👅🙌🏼
I'm in the best shape of my life right now and it's such a shame bc no one sees me naked ever :(((



nope. Right on time 💁🏽
Phew, hehe. And you weren't late, right?
YES! Lol. It took me until I got to work, but it was worth it
Pesky eyelash! Did you get it back in line?
I have to be ready to walk out the door in 5 minutes and I'm not even dressed. All because one one my eyelashes won't cooperate.



what's ur gt
damn! Xbox 1 😒
psn??
I'll play with you!
I kinda feel like playing bo3 but it gets boring playing solo😑



so either way it will work out. Don't over think it.
just relax dude. If you get it then congrats. But if you don't, don't trip. Everything happens for a reason.
at carmax. Interview is Thursday and I'm nervous as hell lol
what is this job #3?¿
Stress on top of stress with this job. Hoping to god I get it🙏🏻



long live
Most definitely
we gon go on an L ride with that on repeat
Yeaa it did, the beat so smooth. I feel like I could listen to the instrumental all night while smoking
that record starting to grow on you yet?



love u to 😤❤️
I love you lmao😂❤️
ya know me 😂😂😂😂
fam HAHAHAHA
Your smile is the best even with that missing top lip😔



It has!! I'm happy there are no events anytime soon after this LOL
lol I feel you. I also have 6/7 edits/drawings made by now. This has been a wild ride :D
I am so...DYING LOL ONE MORE FIC, plus I'll send you the dialogue for your edit before this weekend!
yeeeeeey \o/
6/7 Reisaru fics DONEEEEEE



that's what mine is ily thank you good luck 💜💜
for anatomy sonervous 💛
omg wow you rock ant thank you ❤️
good luck!!! Just breathe you totally know everything!! Be confident!
Everyone say a quick prayer that I don't cry during this practical :)



you too love 💘
tru stay up baby girl 😘
I'm not it's just a good song
i'm just saying you could do better. why you simpin?
Are you drunk rn ?



ME TOO BUT ITS CLOSED NOW SO I HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT 😩
I was craving INO so much 😭😭😭
wow smh 😭😭
if I would've seen this earlier I would've scooped you up to get in n out smfh
Really hungry rn I want In N Out



it's starts at 8:45 😂😂 you better be there! If not imma drag you from your room 😂
8:25 I'll try my hardest to be there😂
that's for replying back to me 🙃 and it's long story 😂
?????
Wishing your ex a happy birthday through letter instead of in text is so cute ..😭



where y'all at b
my cousin
who u with
smoke
Ain't no one ever tryna smoke 😔 I got 9 gs to blowwwww 💨💨💨💨



cmu because their mascot is the chippewa and the question has come to change the mascot and the tribe fought to keep it as such
hey I'm just trying to understand sorry. By no means am I defending the Cleveland Indians, fuck that noise, but I brought up
that doesn't mean sports teams mocking Native Americans isn't racist. Are you just being dense or what?
like at cmu the college and the local chippewa group work together to do research and to preserve the native culture
And I understand FSU has worked w/the Seminole nation and technically gotten "permission" but that doesn't mean all indigenous ppl approve



I'm sure it is a problem, but unless MLB requires them to learn there's not much to be done other than translators
Plus, one thing HUGE totally overlooked item by everyone, 1% of Ump's speak spanish, is that a problem?
I just think they make it too much about themselves. A player even looks at them the wrong way they're ejected.
Skunk Drunk Billy Martin was a saint back in the day, cocaine 70's-80's,Roids in the 90's, now bad Upmires?
. I'm all for anything that could get rid of the arrogant umpires



Jesus. Go get a 20 dollar scratcher on break. Let it ride
bowl of trip 4s
what the hell did you have for breakfast. Cee lo or craps
i just turned $5 into $105 in 6 rolls. great start to the work day.



i gotchu Friday.
need
* passes you the blunt* hit this gasss
really can't sleep



Exciting! :)
Thanks! It is her first time voting.
Legal in Vermont!
My niece wants a selfie/picture of her placing ballot in machine -- legal in Vermont or will she go to the slammer? #BTV #vtpoli



bruh personally I crank flock more but people I know ain't even listen to mafia ties and I love it
moe get outta here🙄😂
shabazz
who got more hits flock or shabazz



sounds great!
Yes, you two will have much to discuss... When things normalize a bit, maybe we could schedule a short call!
Missed each other this time. Hopefully there will be another opportunity soon!
Please tell me you two are connecting at #citylabmia!



... don't they use Catia for vehicle design?
time for their software subs to be paid again?
Then Local Motors. Oh well.
Recurring theme of speakers at #seu16. Not crowdfunding, no Iot. Bootstrapped design, engineering and fabrication out of garages. Proper



My pleasure; I hope he takes your advice to heart. I really enjoy his insight, but you were making solid arguments.
Thanks bro. I appreciate the text and acknowledgment.
I've listened for the last couple of hours; thanks for the cool-headed discussion. Hope to see you on future broadcasts.
Looking forward the your call with Tommy, man. I was in ATL up until a few years ago; awesome town.



i know what you mean...this is why i will not be returning to the cobble hill pure barre
yes, i think it's fine. i'm mostly talking about women with straight hair down to their butts!!!
would you approve of my sweatband look?
you know what i'm very very suspicious of? women who exercise without tying their hair back



I suggest that you refer this to your coaching staff.  Tell Lance that Geof Morris sent you.
he also went back to tier 3 juniors for some time too. Coaches recruited him knowing he was semi-pro. Violation?
but if there’s shenanigans there, I’ll take forfeits on the debacles this weekend.
Soooo LSSU has a former major junior player on their team… that's leading their team in scoring... that’s not legal…#thingsthatmakeyouwonder



same guys that made the old show made this one. Nod to that show. He’s a special guest periodically.
really? I might need to check that out
you know he’s in a new show called mutt n stuff? My 2yo is obsessed.
I spent the last hour trying to convince my friend to name her new cat H R Puffinstuff to no avail



didnt wanna duo anyway w/e
*ahem* masters
hey
LF jungler duo ~ around masters



when are you leaving?
yaaassss, meet up with me! Party 🎉🎉
omg I want to come
Just got my ticket for Mardi Gras round three this year and realized I'll be 21 so 😍🎉🎉🎉



well shit hmu
there's like four or five different parties! I don't even know which one to go too🤘🏼
what's going on this weekend?👀
I can already tell this weekend is gonna be one for the books and it only Monday🍻🤘🏼



as a retired journalist we/i routinely did much worse shit than pretending we cared about the schmucks we covered
i mean it doesn't look great for journalists, but buttering up a source has a place in the craft
tbh the only real thing that's sticking with me are the "journalists" that were working in tandem with the campaign during primaries
these wikileaks emails are all like, pretty reasonable people working together to solve kinda complicated political problems boring



don't forget about the hidden hitler switch that stays lowkey until they get mad at you
the homeland
🇩🇪
Something about blonde hair and blue eyes that just catches your attention.



with life
with what ? 👀
be careful
I'm going to get big.. fuck all this skinny shit.. I need to store fat cause this cold ain't working for me



i did a lot of shit i didn't know i did til i woke up today 😂
u kept saying the same shit over and over 😂
hm, don't be fucking rude! 😂
Chandra drunk gets on my nerves man 😅



loll okie. 'Tis quite satisfying
I know how to knit. Lol. And I have a sewing machine so I'm down 😂😂
let's be like old ladies and start quilting
I'm such a crafty/creative person, that when I don't do anything creative I feel sad. And I want to do so many things but can't decide



there needs to be an Off The Record podcast where pro creatives tell horror stories anonymously with their voices modulated!
Ugh.
ever been stiffed by someone worth $750,000,000? THIS GUY HAS!!! LolThat shit is the worst and why I quit working in film.
you know what? f**k clients who don't pay on time. Or at all. You do your best for them, and for nothing. Have more to say, but will not.



YELLOW STITCHES MAN
can anyone else name another Celtic Punk band because I for sure can't
it's called the salty dog cruise and Flogging Molly and Dropkick Murphys have both played it
Imagine being on a cruise ship full of Celtic Punk band because apparently that's a real thing



I rest my case.
the few who've come into my mentions saying random, ignorant shit have been trump supporters LMAO
I blame Trump for a lot of this tbh.
me: wow leslie jones said some transphobic shitsome random: yeah!! she's also a racist against white people!me: ... lol no



me because I over think it but ever since I stared I diagnose myself with like cancer when it's just a little ache 🙄🙄🙄
that's me with my muscle aches which are constant I always think I fucking have fibromyalgia 🙄 which I may have but it scares
ill be reading up on esophageal diverticulum and in the end i just really need to fart. i hate nursing school.
being in nursing school is so bad. if i get a stomachache, i immediately start thinking about ch. 25 "gastrointestinal disorders"



GOOD SNACK CHOICE
ramch
what flavor were they
I ate all my pringles too :( I have nothing to live for



nopeno its not
is it is it really
well goodmorning sunshine
it's trying to rain on the one day i didn't bring a fuckin umbrella



couldn't hurt!
thinking bout submitting
no but i've heard of it and know ppl that use it
you have experience with Working Not Working?



do you have it set as that? hahaha
in that case my current relationship status is "emotionally detached and ready for burritos"
nope. you're trading your time for food.
is it shady to go on dates just for the free food asking for a friend



I seriously going to cry. I didn't know it was today til I went to my lab last night.
that makes two of us! I just went through your snapchat thinking damn dedication!!
this exam is going to kill me
I have been up since 430 just tossing &amp; turning



when's the wedding
sammme!
same boy or different one
This morning i woke up to a text from the boy im all gitty about &amp; it was a picture of an ugly  baby "dear god look at this" hes the one.



hell nah , yo elephant pussy smelling ass
bald head ass lol 😂
ya
dude from the y ?



love u more bb stay smiling
I love you💙
+ you're too amazing to be sad
If I don't think about it I won't be sad



This is the best thing I've ever seen on the Internet!!!
I want another quesadilla
I got a quesadilla. Follow ur bliss
I would like a quesadilla



kills all bacteria and sickness in your body 😂😂
is that a life changer?
drink more Fiji water!
If I could go one day without not feeling like shit that will be the best day of my life



You're so cute, what the fuck. Wanna make out with you and touch you.
I know. ☺️☺️☺️
I love you, cutie.
I love him.



why not fool
I tried that couldn't apply
smh ground is gonna be a bitch should've done freight with the big boys ;)
I applied at FedEx Ground and UPS. 👏🏼



lol don't flatter me too much. I might start to believe you.
something close to it for sure! I aint know you was THAT fine. I thought it was just a pretty face.
you gonna let me make you an honest hushard?
I just checked your header.....if you ask me I'm ready.



yes I have 😒
🗣you haven't  even hmu
I'm trying 😒
I want  to be in love . Make me feel like a woman



SAME. We gotta wait til tomorrow bruh, I'm so upset lmfaoo.
29 yeah I just realized
check your credits, how many do you have?
It's saying I can't register at this time yet I have no holds on my account...what Howard???



hope to see you again friend. Take care.
Yep 😐
done competing?
Goodmorning Twitter!



u don't remember lol in Orlando #2016
what?
😂 #2016
Finally back in NYC. Sleeping at my moms house tonight then back to gaming tomorrow.



ima Dm you my number, text me
YAAAAAAS!!! Ima have to text you girl.
C U THERE
People be surprised when I say I'm going to Commerce this weekend like I don't go every year. #ItsATradition #HonoraryStudent 🦁



lol thats only fair then
was trashing talking. I warned him. 😂😂
poor guy lol
I actually punched a guy when the buckeyes lost on Saturday so it was nice to see the Indians win last night.



always have been, always will be. Punk rock middle schoolers for life
yasssss queen!!! You are so on my wavelength.
showering is for squares; unscented baby wipes and tinted moisturizer are for heroes
I'm a firm believer in "fake it 'til you make it." Today, I'm faking a clean &amp; functioning adult w/ some make up &amp; mediocre hair styling.



planning on it!
come back sometime. It's the best.
I miss it so much. ❤️
Why doesn't everyone live in Minneapolis? I love this city so much.



it will get intense if we go beyond 90 mins. Like Leeds Norwich. Just so long as we don't see repeats of their weekend lol
They have no Europe so i'd imagine it'll be a strong team from them. Hopefully it's a good game!
we have an outside chance but it's tough. A lot depends on how seriously Conte is taking the competition.Least we're improving
Not confident about tonight. Think Chelsea might steamroll us.



lol hella dumb pick me up lets mob to SF
I'm Shhleeep
right there at jack theres some chicken strips and fries you think you can drop some off? Can i pay u with trident gum
What to do?



Ah I see, good morning btw. Hope your day turns out well 🙂
well, it's ok as long as you made your train.
Is that a good feeling?
That "I just ran down two blocks and up three flights of stairs before 7 am" oh so fresh commuter feeling!



well kys
I did they hung up
call the suicide hotline
Someone call me



if you read the second part of my comment I say how his attack on Kassouf was designed for Kassouf to make a play w/ marginal hand
you're calling me dumb and yet don't realize that Griffin Benger can't see Kassouf's hole cards. You know, that's how poker works
definitely the dumbest thing I've read on twitter. Maybe ever
my opinion on the hand with Benger is that he angled you by making false accusations of breaking the rules to tilt you



I lie. It was a post I set up. UGH. Why can't we win???
oh yea?  Cool I'll check tmw. I changed that 0 to a 1
I think it's working now!
that plugin works fine on my personal acct. wtfffff



yhhhhhhh i got it woo!!!!
my poor fucken laptop. did u get it??
the stressssssssssss
got the badge and now my laptop fan can fucking chill out



But aside from shishito, jalapeño, and maybe Serrano, yeah, I haven't seen many green peppers in contemporary cuisine.
green and cooked. tastes like the 80s.
like...bell pepper? Or any?
How many award-winning dishes or tasting menus have cooked green pepper? Probably zero.



where r u gonna go?
yeah i texted you that i'm going friday
going DT this weekend?
for those who don't know...luna is my dog. i woke my gramma up to sing Happy Birthday to my dog 😂😂😂



🗣"Fees too damn high"
Trying to get these origination fees TF outta here, beloved lol
🙏🏿
Meeting with a prospective portfolio lender today then taking my homie to get some lunch... 🙌🏾



just drive yourself
yeah OKAY
ight pick me up from STL first though
No but seriously someone drive with me from LA to Vegas. We can split gas



they said I was banned lol
You need to try and sneak that in next time. He really need to know how we feel!!
ALL I was going to say was he needs to hug his dad's neck bc we have been rolling our eyes since he came on the airwaves
Robins always hating!!!!!!!!



same..I watched it only for them, however they dont really appear that much at first. But I fell in love w the plot&amp;other ppl
I already know so much of what happens though 😩id only watch it for Ian and Mickey lmao
doooo itttt...dooooo ittttt
Really wanna start shameless but would also like to keep my sanity



I hate to hear I have competition as a Rayms obsessor. Gonna stomp out anyone who thinks they're a better Pettibon stalker.
A stalker? More than one. But thts par when yr a Kenned-- sorry, a Pettibon.
what's up?? You have a stalker??
My Becky w/The Bald Hair stalker and his creeypy as FCK lawyer: One down, 3 to go.



same here, I'm in Jersey this week and watching the swing state ads, it's fierce.
The Dem's need to pick up four or five Seats to be the Majority Party in the US Senate on Nov 8th? I'm Very Optimistic!
looks like it's hers to lose and how blue she can make Congress
That's good to hear! What's your thoughts on the possibility that Dem Hillary Clinton will be the First "Woman" US President?



McDonald's 🙈
buy me something !
go eat then
hungry asf



absolutely
No problem.  I actually found what I think is going to work -fingers crossed.  Let's catch up soon!
I love Kiln creations!  Sorry I don't have suggestions for you on your inbox query going through same!
Hi Shannon!  Thank you for the follow!  Have a great day!  :-)



you lick frog boots
yea i watched zootopia and now i cant stop having sex with frogs
r u a furry
duct tape fur suit



idk I woke up randomly weird
Why are u up
Big fat pig fat louie
I am the size of Louie



You're simply adorable 😊
Sang it the whole way home, too.
Absurdly pleased with myself for thinking of this on the way to the lab.
We’re off to see the vampire,The wonderful vampire of Oz!Because, because, because, because,Because of the wonderful blood she draws!



New Orleans should be sunny and beautiful! Wish I was going!
For sure. Originally one stopover in NYC only which would've cut time but airline changed route. #GoHawks
A little jet leg there! What a trip.
. #WeAre12 💙💚💙💚🏈



the pioneers used to ride these babies for miles
😂😂😂
I'm the back seat of your bolder
so baby pull me closer



for real
this is annoying.. I guess this happens all the time.. obviously they need to change something
mine not my roommates is working. The struggle is real right now
I'm stressing at the moment.... my student center isn't working... 😭😤



But I'd be lying if I didn't say I was at least passingly curious at Aronofsky doing a bible movie.
The only things he's done since then are Black Swan and Noah, which I've never seen because I typically don't do Bible Films
it’s cranking it’s way up to being the best arnofsky film, which is odd
Good morning I'm thinking deeply about the film THE WRESTLER. May be time for a rewatch.



it's really a blast, though this will be my first experience at worlds. The community is really great
Good luck with that. Can't see myself ever playing competitively, but fun to dig bit deeper under the surface
meanwhile I'm grinding out games getting my decks ready for Worlds next week! It's a great game
First "proper" game of Star Wars LCG last night, 2 core sets, 10 pods. Wow. Totally different game. I can see how ppl get hooked...



I get you bro.
Right. This is how it should go I think. Everyone is misunderstanding my question. Obviously students also meet/greet w speakers.
Nope. We organize and invite for one student lecture but admin does all logistics.
In your departments, do graduate students perform any of the admin duties for invited speakers? Schedule  travel, itinerary, meals, etc?



salty 🙄
what lol
👀👀👀
miss Jaelin det much .. hopefully I get to be w/ him this weekend since we're both off ...



Like where? Direct mail is one of the more affordable forms of offline advertising in terms of guaranteed impressions from the
it just feels like money that’d be better spent elsewhere
just prior to the big day. It’s hard to know how much is mailers vs TV vs friends vs overheard conversations at Starbucks.
do the barrage of cardstock ‘vote blah on blah!’ mailers actually inform anyone’s vote? is there actually any math on that anywhere?



always had been
Spurs played great and kawhi is a monster!!! Glad to see they came out ready to ball
nothing good bout that Sir
Woke up to sportscenter highlights of the warriors getting 30 pieced.... 🙌🏾, what a good morning it is!!!!



the response from the check in desk was to read the fine print! I find that also unacceptable!
the flight is full.
Hi, Karen. Please Direct Message you ticket number. I will take a look.  *MR
your upgrades to a middle seat are not acceptable! Seriously!



could have been kidnapped but you wouldn't know bc you was dead sleep 🤔
that's pas too ! Like you were just snoring nigga wym you weren't snoring? Then who was ? Casper ?
"I wasn't even sleeping" nigga you was snoring 🤔Vincent every time
Why is pas such a heavy sleeper !



that part 😜😜
And the man is extra BUT even with it without your kids are there! Motivators!! 💪💯😆
🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
Kids are GREATEST gift of all ❤😆



Wish I could be at Summit but I have Data for Good (Canada's DataKind) responsibilities next week... See you in Seoul!
Thanks Rob, that's a good one! See you in Seoul soon - or will you be in London for the summit too?
"Constrained"
Local Government in 1 word only - so far I only have 'Struggling' and 'Heterogeneous'... Any more? It's important #ODISummit research :)



Ohhh. Yeah, if Trump had got the nomination without any help from the RNC then I'd still be calling myself a Republican now.
The slack-jawed yokel in charge of the RNC.
whos that
When you lose a war, you usually first blame the generals, not the foot soldiers.Whose fault is Trump? Start with folks like Priebus.



The drill
who ever is on 92.5 right now. Always listen to them but I don't know his name or the shows name
you talking about #twitterlessjeff?
This guy on jaguars radio right now is going in on Allen Robinson, Telvin smith, Rashad Greene, and Gipson hahahaha



oh yes the $3 isn't ending. The 1TB/mo was a temp promotion due to the ios9 bug. That has ended.
I don’t know. I only noticed because I got an email that my 5 GB was almost used up. Used to get 1024 GB per month.
whys your grandfathered plan ending? We are good about letting you keep those
before. What do people like?



not til thanksgiving! 😩
imu! come home 😩
imy
late night thought: want in n out.



hell yes lol
shit sucks😂
hell yea
Wish I was rich and didn't work, so I wouldn't have to make this drive every morning at 6:15🙄



I know I want to so bad! Ashlee is going up in like 2 weeks but I don't think I'll be able to get work off😩😩
trueee but you need to come out here and have some fun 💃🏽❤️
no because you aren't seeing me
This is about to be the greatest weekend of my life



I do I do! specially for us actors (:❤️
It's definitely an eye opener. You know what I mean?
I love this. I'm not sure why... but this just hit me in the gut!!!
Fall down seven times, stand up eight.



I love you too Erin!!
I love you
💕💕💕
anymore makes me a depressed child😭



thank you!! I'm trying like this African bar right now!
you should try proactive! It actually work for me. Also oatmeal-bar soaps, like the Mexican ones!
I didn't think anyone understood my struggle...
I've tried almost everything for my acne, &amp; I think proactiv did the job compared to the hundreds of dollars I spent on prescription creams



bruh we about to pick up Brennan .
ill get mt own 4 and straight shit on yall
word
Need my squad for 4 v 4 football



dude I literally freeze and look away and like just go the other way 😂😅
it's so cute! Talk to him! Compliment him anything! Hah
hahaha I know I'm totally gonna regret this in the morning but that voice changer this is so fun lol and I can't sleep ugh 😭
snapchat talking about her crush made me smile so much that was way too cute 😭👫



dm or text me ur fan mail addy so I can send u and ur roomies a lil sumthn sumthn
😪😪😪
I miss u too honey
I miss mommy 😢



I'm sayinggg 😅😅😅 but that check is crazy too I'm here doing a pro &amp; cons list about it
such a risk... like is it worth it ?
IM ON THE SAMEEEEEE BOAT
Really debating on applying to the prison. The pay is so good, and I already got my connect to get me in. But is the risk worth it ?! 😩



Yeaa sure, i dont mind, is it anything important?
cool, will do. Pringle, I was just curious if I'd be ok to like chat n' stuff I got my mind all racing about stuff
yoyo! shoutsout to adam then
says you're a pretty cool guy. Just droppin' in to say hi.



is doing 2 nights! I'd be there if I lived closer



me either. 😢 but I'm doing the 2 night St. Louis umphreys Halloween instead. 😁😁😁
Finally coming to terms with reality: I am not going to Vegas for #phish 😭😰



it would be a big adjustment for sure. I'm a Florida baby. I would need like a life class on snow, ice, frozen pipes, driving...
I've never Iowa. Never visited, never traveled through, nothing. The school I'm interviewing at is in Des Moines.
I lived in Iowa for awhile when I was younger.... Iowa City is decent, cold as shit in the winter... super freakin cold.
November is gonna be lit! Traveling every weekend... Arky game, medical school interviews in AL and Iowa, LSU game, FSU game. I'm excited! 🙂



u murdered someone with pasta. I'm calling the authorities.
yeah it went a lil something like that... except she was cool with it, ate the screw driver😎 then choked and died
"um excuse me miss, there happens to be a screwdriver in my noodles and I'm not too happy about it"
HAHA i just remembered that i served a plate of pasta that had a screw driver in it ????¿¿? that was frikin random



Are you coming back?
nation wide
CHILIS WHAT WHERE?!
chilis 3 for me...$10



I just don't like people talking to me and distracting me when I'm trying to study 😇
you "only study by yourself"
hmm
I can never find someone to study w me😒



i can't wait to rock my 40s though, single or not. I want to be that 40 year old with too much confidence and too high of heels
yeah it's terrifying. I feel like if I don't have a family I'll probably kill myself before 50.
Consensus is women disappear to society around forty and I only got 14 years to go
You can get away with whatever you want in life. You just have to be beautiful.



so stressed 😅🙏🏼
I'm so screwed 😩
aren't you excited for our test tomorrow 🙃
Why the hell did I take calculus



praying so hard man! Im happy for your family that he's finally getting the surgery he needs.
I'm at the hospital. Dad's surgery started around 2-3 am. Please keep those prayers up for a tough 8-10 hour transplant. God is good.
Surgery is on! Please continue the prayers, now comes the long part! God is good.
Please keep my dad in your prayers. 3rd time called down to the hospital this month, hoping this is the time the transplant finally happens.



but I'm not talking about uninsured going to ER though
That's a factor, keep in mind, local Dr's office rejects none insured
insurance rates go up because people don't know what the ER is for
insurance increased yearly prior 2 #Obamacare existing. Quit lying2voters



bring sunglasses and flip flops
We're booking a flight, now.
we're going to hit 100 tomorrow
35F outside. Yuck.



im dumb for procrastinating like i knew my dumb ass wanted to go i shouldve bought them as soon as it was announced
the prices they're going for now are how much the meet &amp; greets were 🙄
i tried buyin tix for me n the homie but they sold out im mad now the prices are inflated as a mug :(
Can't wait for the Party &amp; Jeremih show😈



to me Ertz doesn't get targeted enough to make an impact.. now he's in chipping and blocking and you see less
I'm over him. So many TEs out there that strike fear into opposing Defenses...he's in year 4 and nowhere close to doing that
no I still like Ertz
Hey Howie...how bout you send a mid rounder to Chicago for Jeffries...and send Ertz to the Niners for Smith. Solves 3 problems#EaglesTalk



back in the day I thought he was a shoe in for the White House
I used to like him. He's gone nuts this cycle.
Rudy that cleaned up NYC is the lane he need to stay in
... this should be a disaster



like once, but I was their best employee. they never actually did anything 💀
LMAO are you serious omg did they never write you up?
I was late every single day for 6 years. lol.
The fact we let this Nigga slide with 30 lates is absolutely beyond me either



well, yes haha. There is time to find a new disguise, although Elvis would awesome
we you recognize me in Elvis outfit?!
its very true, thanks for all you did. I will miss seeing you there next year. Come to the tweet up in a disguise?
&amp; I meant 2 u



oh nah keep doing your thing young gunner !! 🙌🏾
I'm in dr in the lobby waiting on my room so I'm talking shit lol
y u preaching this late
U weak af if u let Twitter ruin your relationship



see you Saturday 😌
Love you! See you soon?
aw babe I love you ❤️
has had my back and stayed true since middle school. I appreciate you boo. You are rare



'broke up' '2 weeks' why lie
lmao bish we been broke up for almost 2 weeks now
smh what happened now
i saw my ex boyfriend liked some bitch photo on IG and i am hurt...haven't talked to him since two fridays ago 😳



its a mere suggestion! :o
YOURE NOT IN CHARGE OF MEEEEEEEE
yikes, get to bed!
hahahahahahah i have to get up at 6:30



you already know😉
I'm counting the days jos!!!!! We will have to have a crazy party when I get back 😂😂😂
we'll be waiting for you to come back 💕
and nick lol



shit that too!!!
or, sue the driver for damages and have them pay off your student loans
getting hit by a car would actually be so cool tho. id be in the hospital have an excuse to miss school. plus i might die! (:
car: *almost hits me*me: what the fuck?! hit me next time bitch!!!!!



My bad 😂😉
lolol bdubs
Hooters? 😂
I hateeeee when I go somewhere in my work clothes and someone yells "WHERE ARE MY WINGS?!" Geezus. Stop. 🙈✋🏽



lol nah on the good ol Coachella Camry hahaha
on the chally?
😂😂😂
car door handle lol random thoughts.



HA! You have lost your mind! Hell to the nah can you use my baby Cisco! 🙄😂😂💕 #hoe
yasss!!! i trained JD for it &amp; Richard just taught me how to tie so all i need is a goat.. Can i use Cisco lol?😂😘
you're doing goats? Lol
practicing goat tying my foot rn &amp; i've rope burned it.. bad..



I'm in women and gender studies
are you really though??
down
Someone want to write this essay for me 🙃 any of you rad dope feminists??



sml... my little brother get on me when I tell them to make food. Since I'm the oldest I'm the sub. He can still boil water though.
mommy is always there for you I guess
How can you be above the age of ten and have consumed either kraft mac n cheese or top ramen and not know how to do this??
How can you be 25 and not know how to boil water...



I'm lowkey not even surprised
she has a fatty
you made it
I WAS IN THE FITTIG ROOM AND TYRA BANKS TOLD ME I LOOK GOOOOOD



yeah lol
but you're ray?
what how lol
tell me why i thought u were henry



both.
spelling wise or me talking?🙇🏿
I'm sorry, but there are so many things wrong with this tweet.
Lady's, there is nothing wrong with acting like a woman, liking girly things, and having woman like mannerisms.



i'm coming bby
yes! I'm at ballys
blackjack tonight??
Im in Vegas



It's a scene in Amelie. She sets his alarm to 3am.
…no…?
Do you run a fruit &amp; vegetable stand in Paris?
At 2:30am something accidentally woke me up and I started gettting ready for work. Didn't realise the time until after I'd showered! Whoops!



darn! I will record these notes for research
No and no, sadly.
uncomfortably full? Can you feel your cholesterol dropping?
I've had four bowls of Cheerios this morning AMA



it'll take him 10 seconds to get comfy again..he's a cat
but he looks so peaceful :)
move they cat...they'll be fine..😂
I'm cold but can't cover myself because my cat is asleep on my blanket :(



lmao it's ok girl I be extra like that for no reason specially when something hurts 😂😂
foreals dude 😂😂😂 I'm fucking stupid
extraness 😛😛😂
Dude I'm so done with myself! 😭😂 today I kept saying omg I got a muscle spasm when really it was a cramp 🙃💀



Oh... i shall rejoice then
ehhh, this presentation is so critical and they need so much detail crammed into it, it suuuuucks
OH MY GOD ... i wish my schedule could be cleared
My work calendar got cleared for the whole week b/c of an ask from senior management to design a presentation slideshow for our shareholders



yeah
Idk I don't see them as "Puppets for show", but they do have that sense of publicity you know? The famous kind of publicity
they are now literally like puppets of the country, just for show
It's crazy how modern presidents have this kind of celebrity status among society now🤔



No, she's definitely a garbage racist.
it just doesn't sync up with her typical opinions and behavior as a person
If Trump didn't insult her last year, do you think she'd really be anti-Trump? I honestly question her motivation
Hi fellow white people, Newt's hateful behavior last night doesn't make Megyn Kelly less racist. Lavishing her with praise is disrespectful.



I swear it took forever for mine to come in. I wanted the Jet Black but that wouldn't come in till almost 🎄 #nope 😂
haha yeah I know, mine is supposed to be here 🙄. Got the iPhone forever thing haha
because that's how they get you to buy the latest.. lol I fell into the trap and got the 7. Pretty awesome though 👌🏼
Why does my phone always act up whenever Apple drops a new phone 🙄👀



Much sass 😳 I was just confused on the sexy part
bacon. lettuce. tomato.
WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN?
"What are you going as for Halloween?""A sexy BLT"



do not buy into the conventions about MPB - it is just a bromide for those who are incapable of pulling it off.



no greater fact based truth has ever been revealed on Twitter.
Tomato sauce makes spaghetti taste really good.



Good idea. Not sure which one.
Frame a shirt. Memorabilia!
I bought lots of it in Oakland &amp; 2 items today.
Anybody wanna snapcash me money for some Kanye merch? Thanks



that's awful. And I thought night shift was bad 😂😂
because I am on a 24hr Staff duty detail lol so im awake alll night and day 😅
why are you awake 😂
A dope ass drive in movie would be legit 👌🏻



what you on dude? DM me if necessary
not tonight im tryimg to save energy til halloween
I thought you were wasted man lol
14 days and our President will be



Don Abdy Jr.
you took your own lighter?
took my last fucking lighter too 😡
If I smoke with you and you take my lighter I lose all my respect for you



hahahaha I'm so flattered. 😂
u r my spirit animal
I took a double shot and a nap and still haven't done anything
Idk if I should take a double shot or a nap to power through tonight



you not , i fwy baby 😘
lol I ain't fake . And ain't no bitch in me lol
you alright lol
I'm really a real ass chick ‼️



here if you need it!
school is rough at the moment 😭
you ok?
"redesigning the program" shouldn't affect the people already in the program this drastically. It's sad and upsetting.



ur basic for tweeting me the same thing u just texted me 🤔🤔
basic
no1 cares
Joey Bada$$ - Devastated Just heard it. New favorite song.



hahaha. You going to Uzi next week?
it was a stupid wind storm when I left my cozy 75 degree home, winter enough for me!!
girl it's cold but not winter cold.
So all of a sudden it's fucking winter today?? Okay. Fine.



I absolutely agree. But I guess that's all we get for a SILVER lining. 😓
Silver dust for dupes isn't good enough IMO, if someone spends 40 bucks, they should get the whole collection of cosmetic items.
I love the festival. It's the pay+RNG that sucks! At least the dupes give silver...😡🎃
That doesn't mean I'm ignoring the fact the duplicate rate was way too high.There needs to be an element of dupe prevention for EV sales.



Sounds like fun.💖👻
Thanks! Plan to lunch with best friend and have lots of girly talks 😀👍
Happy Birthday Rose hope you have a fun day.🎂🌟🌹
8:38 AM over here and IT'S MY 🎂DAY! Can I please 🙏 get a 🎂day tweet? Love from Belgium 💖💋



Fuck sleep :) Let's goooooooo
just got into bed lol
Let's play cs brother
welp cs?



she's probably like "oh this is one of those girls that just calls her bf husband for fun" 💀
like I shouldn't be mad but I am... I said husband on phone like 5x... obviously I can't be on my bf loan. I'm not retarded😩
I cannot stop laughing reading these tweets lol
I can't wait til she tells me something about her dog so I can say "oh your cat" SAME THING



UM. FREDDY CAN'T TAKE OF HER BUT KYRA WILL WHEN I BRING HER
in citta. She's a smol cutie pls take care of her
eye emojis. where
I might eventually app an oc soon. I think I finally found a good faceclaim for her.



most wild shit i ever seen happened on 55th and international
i use to be on 64th but up the street on that 1 way lol
from 74th and mac
I use to be on 54th and Gaskill with them killas



New Cassel.
i never owned timbs cause i've always been poor but i definitely owned LUGZ
2016 is the best/worst year ever
just saw a facebook interaction where a guy from brooklyn got actually g checked for never owning timberlands or a yankees fitted



still haven't seen Hail, Caesar. I've seen most of the rest but have a few old ones left
watch all the other Coen Brother's movies you haven't seen.
now someone give me a recommendation for a newer movie to watch tomorrow night, gotta keep the pattern going. Old new old new.
I'm on a pretty good streak of actually watching movies now - 3 nights in a row. No Country For Old Men, Steve Jobs, &amp; There Will Be Blood.



inspect that shit first 😂
Dude that shit is wild
Yes! I watched that a few months ago. 😂
Y'all ever heard of the movie teeth?



damn man. My career
last time you did it cost you the tournament. Goodnight Christopher.
I'm sleep
Don't sleep on me.



great is awesome to hear my friend!!!! Remain blessed!!!! 💞
We're great thank you. Have a good day :)
U R so very kind. I've been hanging on since my last brain resection in 2010. But seeing some light beginning to shine! How R U?
Thanks for following, hope you're well?



I may miss the jk, if that's how it was meant,infer he was in a ship wreck?If meant N a crass way,what shld I B thnkN about
I don't think you should talk to a guy with the username Francis Marion about sinking ships :)
The last rivets in a sinking ship trying to hold this thing together🇺🇸
Watching Gowdy , Jordan, Chaffetz &amp; others spank that a**, truth wise



u would be mad ? Lol
if someone gets proposed to during my wedding
I don't get it
If I ever get married and someone decides to propose to their significant other during said wedding, ooooooh, hold me back.



lol you won't! &amp; not recently I meant to hit her up to check on her.. everything cool?
, lol nahhhh don't wanna come off weird. Have you talked to Neicha?
shoot your shot
I wanna dm #OOMF to talk about something, but I'm scared.😩



I'm not lmao but is that supposed to mean cold? 🤔
don’t judge me Linda 😭
I've never heard anyone use brick like that 😂
It’s brick outside



As a  Run TMC era Warriors fan, I'm sick to death of Cleveland, so, we're even 😜
I would if I stopped getting promoted tweets for her tv show. Doubt she's losing any sleep over my tweets.
Dude, seriously, leave her alone.
let's hear about how the Warriors game was rigged tonight!



who are we talking about❓Chris Cuomo w/RJuliano or Trump because I can talk to you about either #truthmatrs
maybe in Russia, Turkey, North Korea and others. Where I come from, #DonaldTrump could never run for anything the way he is
No‼️He knows what anyone can see. Is she so special❓You would have been locked up for just one of her wrongdoings #truthmatrs
where was #rudygiuliani the past few years....under a stone? he doesn´t know ANYTHING, what he knows is what #DonaldTrump told him



:-( hopefully w age restriction it'll be less creepy?? like wowowow that was so invasive and over the line
IT WAS SO......CREEPY and the whole time she was trying to get my attention but in a very wrong way
what the... that's so rude and creepy???
my last draw meet w/kids: this 15 year old girl looked through my iphone texts right in front of my friend....like bruh u dont do that....



I like Joe, most of the time, I like the show a lot, I get frustrated with both him and Mika at times, but they do a good job
I get it, it's a show and he needs to maintain his persona, but get real dude. His path to 270 is harder than a Rubik's cube.
this has been one of the most annoyingly frustrating things to watch the past few weeks.
Joe Scarborough looking for every single shred of evidence to support the idea that Trump isn't going to get railroaded in 2 weeks.



yeah me too. SAO 2 is based in GGO (Gun Gale). When he's in that it's dope but there WAYYY more real world than I'd liked.
Lame. I'm more into the virtual world part of SAO.
meh. SAO 1 was better. It's a lot more real world than virtual for Kirito. Not a huge fan.
Is Sword Art Online 2 worth watching



It's getting boring
I'm great, do you still play TTR? I used play it but I got bored, maybe I'll play it again one day when I get nostalgic enough.
Good :) How are you?
Say hi :) I'm a really friendly person :)



oak brook mall lol
where's that?
oak brook has them !






see you Friday perra
😏😏
👀👀👀
Popping bottles type of week 🍾🍾🍾



let me find out
estas pedo?
😘
I think this dude is drunk sending me kissy emojis L O L



cashier or?
walmart
where you work?
work is way too easy today lmao



I love you too! And you have a great hump day as well 😜
i love you have a good day today. it's hump day!
good morning Kate 💘
good morning Maddy



Glad you enjoying the record man that brings me joy
also. Drift... I ain't got enough superlatives for that jawn. Shit slaps. Period.
Appreciate it my G
Pavy got a hit with Until The Morning. Shit knocks like a mf



last night(or was it the night before?)I felt like a mouse.Partner left 1sliver of jalapeño jack which I gobbled B4 midnight
Sorry to hear you were up too. I think we both need to get some grilled cheese ingredients in the house soon. #JohnDeeParty
Also had similar waking time. Segue to a remedy but dunno what yet, only begin.Was 38° overnight, too—first sign of 30s...
Is it insomnia when you're woken at 4am by still more unpleasant dreaming, then can't get back to sleep?



waking up to this was probably the best start to the day 💗
i dig u
i dig it
i put a lot of thought into my latest instagram caption not gonna lie



shit. I gotta stare at the sun. daddy's gone turn 2 a dam 7
Funny. It makes guys 75% hotter.
that's foolish. Glasses make every girl 15% hotter
Smoking hot white model in fake glasses. "She's average! Look at her glasses! Who couldn't relate to her"-Secret Deodorant. #closethewagegap



lit, I'll be there like 15 mins late cause thats the time I get off, but I'll be there so save me a seat.. all of garden right?
8:30 :D
what time again?
WAIT WHOS COMING TO W ME ON FRIDAY FOR MY BDAY DINNER ):



I didn't like that war either....She's a George Bush in a pantsuit.
did my part in Halliburton's war. Still, #HereIAmWithHer. Says a lot : my support is not just about her gender.
Well, expect a lot more tears after we end up in more endless wars.
#HereIAmWithHer. Voted for our #Hillary yesterday. Shimmy, tears, for my grandmothers.



it's "beck &amp; call," 😂
is there something wrong with what I said lol
....beckon
Buy me lots of undies, art supplies and makeup and I will be at your beckon call 🙌🏽



good man.
i have Ben and Jerrys in my bags.
awh buddy. This just made me sad. Go get you some zebra cakes.
i’m just sitting in the winco parking lot in my car because that’s what you do at 12:15 when you’re feeling directionless.



😐 I think I just look white
really? You look Asian to me
but I'm actually just Irish and Hungarian 😐
Everyone at the bar thinks I'm Hispanic



lost??
??😒
if it was a guy...at least every 3 days I will go buy the emergency pill
finally my Ex works in a pharmacy,so whenever I want to spoil her mood I just go there n buy condoms for no reason,somtyms I go 3 tyms a day



got so tired of people last night talking how this team is done like come on it was one game last was frustrating but come on now
Precisely. How quickly fickle bandwagons and oblivious Indians fans scan over this tidbit.
last time CUBS got shut out 6-0 in the playoffs the next game they score 10 runs
Good morning everyone. To my TRUE Cub fans, today's a new day to even the series. #FlyTheW #LetsDoThis #WorldSeries



chile...i saw that one coming.
Ciara caught the preggnits from Russ lol
baby?! what baby?
Now if y'all find out this baby really Future's, somebody @ me. Then y'all can burn the damn TL down



and retain the rights.
and post them here instead. Why link to another site owned by Facebook to show my pics?
I liked it for three days until I realized they steal the rights to your photos like Facebook.
I liked Instagram much better before every new follower was a business account or "entrepreneur".



u should creddy me tho
I dont creddy people.
u paying I'm down
Who wants to do the UMG 4v4 SnD "No Heatwave" today at 7pm EST?



I DONT DO IT EITHER BUT I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW THATS WHY SOME PEOPLE DO IT
disrespect?? Who has guests that early idc if I ate ass the night before i will not have my breakfast taste like death
a family I babysit for makes their kids do that so they're respectful and don't have bad breath in front of guests.
I don't get people who brush their teeth before breakfast



I’m sure that was his last thought, MOL.
I don't know what the mouse was thinking??  Why come into a house with 2 ferocious felines??
Yay, you great hunter. I’ve killed lots of lizards and bugs but never a mouse.
I killed a mouse today!  😼



dont know, thats what im asking
why should it be cool haha
did you quit???
so today something cool happened



oh I'm skipping WS this year.
I’m a Cubs fan for the next two weeks
We were supposed to choose a bandwagon?
I’m already regretting my bandwagon choice.



PK? That's garbage. Top 9 F easy.
looks like they are grooming him as PK. He's got more offense than half the forwards.
Is he finally there? WJHC stud! Took some time.
Love Joel Armia.  He gives his all. #nhljets



uh huh 😉
they just had a rough year 😂 they don't suck
quit hating, just accept that the Cardinals suck 😂
I hope the Cubs lose



I feeeeeeeel iiiiiiiiittt🔮🔮🔮🔮🔮🔮🔮
aciiiiiid vibesssss
Triiiiippppyyyy
and trippy



listen to transviolet too they have this minimalistic vibeee
ikr!!! 😻💖
ahhhhhhhh she's amazing! &amp; her songs are pure magic
dua lipa 💖



Well I mean, you can't be mad because those were some good intentions lol
i was trying to hang out and actually be social when everyone got home from closing ;p
What were you thinking lol
It's 4:50 in the morning and I'm soo unbelievably irritated with myself bc I drank an energy drink at 9 for no damn reason



I will look him up Janis. I am always into finding new music. I will let you know what I think. Thanks for sharing. xox
hi marge, you must have heard his songs, look him up on YouTube you will be surprised! Love janis xxx
so sorry for your loss Janis. I never heard of him but I am sure he was wonderful if you loved him. xox
Very sad one of my childhood teen idols has passed, r.i.p Bobby vee , you took care of this baby, love janis xxx



3 year deficit? Not in my part of Maine. I'm not aware of any part of Maine in a 3 year drought. It's well less than a year here
sadly not. We'd need the next 2-3 months to replenish all the water. 3yr deficits 12"+. A step in the right direction though!
that should put a nail in the drought for many locations. Precip still below normal but not drought level I'd think.
Fourth, QPF amount. Think 1-2" covers it. Could see a few higher amounts midcoast w/secondary low. Slightly lower amts possible N mountains.



LOL! And this is just one reason I love you!  😂
Im totally chair dancing at the moment
Thanks Megs!! As I heard a song yesterday on Bourbon, I may have busted out in dance like I was still on Lido. 🙊🙈💃😂
BTW i did make a cruise playlist this year!!!  Once I go over it I will find out who wants it so you can relive #nkotbcruise2016



are you doing night crew?!
yes😂
do you still work at Safeway??
Working these next 8 hours without headphones are gonna be brutal😩



lol not everyone likes cause there's really no flavor
:( it's sucks but I'll still drink it cause it's healthy
it's the best 😩
I definitely don't like Coconut water



oh fr... whoops 😬💀
esque you took long 😂
what??? Im still up bff wym 😂😂
Why did you fall sleep😩



facts...I'm gonna stay quiet tho
facts miss you too bro, give Alfred work, they're talking crazy lol
good looking Brody🙌🏾... no mook shit but I miss you #original lilbro
#stillrecsquad



How or where?
how the heck do you draw the reaction arrows and the curved arrows for 10-12
Just finished it! Here to save your night 👊🏼
I HAVE A QUESTION FOR WILEY SOS



Yes that's why I haven't voted yet
I've been hearing on the news all day. After you vote it switches to Hillary so please double check before you hit that button
I'm in texas I haven't voted yet
My friends in Texas seems there's a problem with the machines. Check your vote make them fix it before you send it off. Machines by Soros



lol I'm never going to watch that show so I can't share your dismay
☹️😤
lol damn you ran through that show
Just finished Stranger things in less than 48 hours... well, shit.



that's fucking romance fam, forget the 30 bucks
I'll get you the huge coconut water
30 dollars and a coconut water and you got a deal
I'll pay someone to run me over with my car.



dm me your number
I love you more ❤️
I love you kb ❤️
if that nigga ain't doing you right , fuck him . Somebody gone do you better 😜😜😜😜😜😜 just be patient 💯



thank you amber i love you so much
it may pass like a kidney stone, but it will pass
hurts me to see you this sad, there will be better days to come ❤️❤️
the days just keep getting harder &amp; it needs to be the other way around



oh well idk mine worked fine it only took me like 3 trys
just walked down to my computer lab &amp; still wont work omfg
dont use wifi go to a computer lab or something
Im about to loose the smalllllllllllll little bit of patience i have left in me if this website does not let me schedule my damn classes



it's SO annoying that's why I was getting mine fixed all the time 😣 especially when it cracked the camera too..
at this point they really should! I don't know how you deal with it :/
😭😞 I've shattered my phone like 27 times everybody knows me at Chico iPhone repair..... they should start a stamp card for me
always feels😭



Beef and Dairy Report actually
oh, you listen to Breakfast with a Bovine too??
like share and subscribe, tell a friend, use the promo code: "hamburger" at checkout
Just spent my morning giving podcasts 5 star reviews.



i pray your skrenf in the lawd
for a 4 hour meeting....bih...
NOAP
Gotta drive my ass all the way put to Schaumburg this morning 😢



I feel that on an emotional level... 😭
this was me today. again. 😂
still makes me laugh
im callin in dead for work.



what one you work at
idk I'll look when I get there
y'all got some black n white Air Force ones with the tan bottoms mid top
I gotta be at footlocker early af 😒😗



you're going to be so much closer to me 😭😭
Fontana!
where to ?
Moving is so stressful 😴



💀 stop calling me nephew
I'm grown nephew
it's way past ya bedtime
Bored... sleepy... can't sleep...



ayyee 😎👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽 i knew it
yeah. I'm unemployed again
did you tell her that
Take the loss, teach your kid better next time, and get the fuck out of my face



the acne never stops.
dude you're like 7 feet tall how much more puberty could you undergo
honestly, same.
If I could hit puberty at some point that'd be gr8



lol you jus too damn silly 😂😂
my gma was like what's wrong w. you 😭😭
lol girl you play too much I was serious 😂😂😂
had me loud asf laughing " unh unh don't do that " 😭😭



at least he plays w you! Anthony wouldn't play me in pool 😂🙄
he has me playing battleship through iMessage right now 😂
bc he's a nerd 😂👓
win every single video game 🙉



have a good sleep. ❤️
hey boo heeeyyyyy 🙋
*waves*
Almost off....I'm tired too



I made sure...my car had it...even my truck...lived too long warming cars up...AT MY AGE..I HAD TO  SAY NO MAS!🤓
I installed that in my Durango when I lived up the mountains:)
thank Gaaaaaaaaaawd for automatic start...🤓
38 degrees? Is this real life?



Me too... Gets me thawed out on the way to work. 😌
I'd be lost (or frozen) without them.
Good morning to you too! Heated seats are the 💣!
Good (dark &amp; early) morning ☕️It's a seat heaters all the way up kind of a day! #Cold



oh ok Thanks
The work demands high collaboration with designers, so  the developer needs to be on sight.
Is remote an option?
Any iOS #Developer looking for a #job in Bangalore at a disruptive healthcare #tech #startup with excellent programming skills? #iosdev



You're not wrong
I think he's flawed and easily open to these lobbyist washington crony attacks (because, well, he kind of is). &amp; I'm a pessimist
why do you think that?
Hot take prediction: 🔥🔥🔥🔥Bayh is gonna lose.



he might as well sell his entire furnace honestly. make a couple bucks and buy some coca cola.
LMFAOOOO 💀💀💀 I'm seriously dead. my dad was like it's still 55 in my house 😂 specially him being @ grans 24/7.
girl you probably felt at home with that cold apartment, it's like being at your dad's 😅
OUR HEAT IS FIXED YASSS! 😍😛our apt was for real colder inside than it was outside 💀 &amp; im not even the big baby, it's wade and sherb 😂😂



i love you tons muah! 💕
I love you💓
proud of you beba ❤️
For everyone that doubted me, just know I'm doing perfectly fine. God has blessed me with more than I deserve!!



wheaty ass
o
corn is far superior to wheat as a crop
Y'all corny



u being mad disobedient you 14 year old get to bed
aight son chill
stop live tweeting now liz
you been mad disobedient ma



nigga choked lmao let me get a onside kick  and after i missed the extra point for the tie😂
nope how bad
lol bruce tell u about that asswhooping i gave him😭😭
Hungry af 🙄



no you pretty much just need to start over
like there isn't anything else to watch on Netflix
I finished it last week and honestly i still don't know what to do with myself
Just finished the last episode of That 70s Show! Now what am I going to do with my life??😔



but then again CoD is slowly dying out and other games are sliding in. Devs think we need crazy shit to be content. #wrong
80% of ppl I've played with vanished. some reason finding ppl to play with is harder then I thought.I underestimated the quest
I miss having a four man snd group, does anyone still play CoD? Has it been put to rest. Held x to pay respects? #CoD4Revivial
Also need to find some peeps who play CoD. Been saying that as well lol. Miss having a 6man team. #CoD4



well obivi
in every way possible
I'm sorry I didn't snap you. I'm still concerned for you, just simply forgot. #FlyTheL
Thank you to everyone who is concerned, but I am watching ever pitch so I don't need your constant texts, snaps, and updates. #GoCubsGo



you just want to see him make plays with what he has. But he hasn't. It's troubling
many options
is it really fair to cast judgement on some of these passes that he's making at this point because he doesn't have
haven't we just come to accept tyrod being a game manager? knowing he doesn't really have any of his weapons



yeah seems very desperate:/
yussss
you talking the sponsored snap stories?
I can't believe the legit trash that snapchat is allowed to post. If my kids had snapchat I would not want them able to see this garbage.



they're so amazing in the winter too bc everything smells nice and the food is warm 😍
I can't wait 😍
slow cookers are an adults best friend. I'd be lost without mine
yk you're an adult when you want a slow cooker for christmas



it's true
real easy to talk comes down to who's actually about it
best tweet I've seen all night
Yall just gotta let the game speak for itself



I am hoping what I think I saw for next week is wrong. I love William. Can't even think about it.
I'd say next week would be different but I already cried at the trailer. "I don't want to be different" #ThisIsUs
Damn, I started crying when Randall was making a shake in the first minutes. Went downhill from there. 😓😔
My goal: to watch an episode of #ThisIsUs without weeping uncontrollably. My hunch: it will not happen.



THE TREYF-EST
LISSA LETS GO BE NOT KOSHER!!
um...i believe you have my number...
Me: *Finds any excuse to get someone to eat Din Tai Fung with me*Me: You're a human! Let's eat pork dumplings!!!



lmfao classic Ted
Dude. Like the first thing I did when my roommates moved out was stop wearing pants all the damn time.
it's safe to say I have grown up from this lads
MY MOM LEFT ! TIME TO GET NAKED AND MAKE GRILLED CHEESE.



I love that answer
it's calming😊
why
No offends I'm ready for it to rain again for at least 3 days



Are you sure?  😄
Sola Scriptura.
Excellent question. What do you believe the answer to be?
All have a theology, what we think to be true of God, &amp; a creed (written or unwritten), what we say to be true of God. What informs it?



trust yourself and believe you will become great with your team
I need this
I'm right here bro wassup
Need a coach / confidence booster to gas me up 😂



then when I go as a Starbucks frapp we will match 💕💖
the you-est you thing I've ever heard!
me? Live a day in the life of Sara Weaver I'll loan you my northface uggs and daddy's Starbucks card
What the hell am I supposed to be for Halloween?



cause he a hoe ass nigga. Blow a 3-1 lead to them niggas. Then join they team. He had a squad. Should a went to the finals.
how?
KD Fluke
That first loss a fluke



why thank you 😜
*hug*
sure I will gladly accept a "hug".
Does anyone else need the word "hug" typed in between a pair of asterisks? Apparently I am giving those out this morning. Just let me know.



no I'm not 😂😭 I wanna go to fright fest!
you gon be boo'd up 😒
bye
I need somebody to go to six flags with



my demise came from refusing to change the channel after #Jeopardy
it automatically came on after Shark Tank and now I'm emotionally drained!
this almost happened to me last night!! Must be some weird phenomena.
Why am I crying 45 seconds into watching a random episode of The Voice for the first time?



ok yes so true !!!!
when they learn, that a Hockey Game is 60min long...maybe yes..
sooo let's get a win Thursday ??????
So upsetting😠☹️



and I missed it!! Been dealing with a different kind of panicky state - press the button and I'm hopping!!
I think more than 10 days has gone by since I sent you any panicked emails. What?! 😝
Welcome back!!! Missed ya :)
Can't decide if it was the 178 new emails or my personal trainer that was the toughest challenge on returning from #vacation. #backtowork



cause they a son together. But everytime her and Russell do something they gotta bring his name up 🙄
lmfaoooo idk why? She's married. And he's living his life. She's in the same situation as a lot of women but she's famous. 🙃😂
every time it's annoying
Lmfaoooo y'all still tying Ciara to Future? Weird.



just do the coffee and Benedryl trick.... then you'll NEVER get the circadian rhythm back to normal... ;-)
at least they pretty reliably screw your sleep cycle! One random solo opposite, nocturnal schedule shoot day screws me for days 😂
no sympathy.  Have kids...
Off to work at midnight! If you hear a tiny scream at some point tonight, don't worry, it's just my body clock's death rattle. 💀



Well ur back on. Modem quit last nite,problems this AM-changes on device mgr I didn't do
Something wrong somewhere...
Yes. Shook me up. Dreamed about it so got up at 3 AM,couldn't sleep. Why no internet? Cable?
I can't stay long. I didn't have internet all day yesterday. Walking Dead. I felt like I needed a grief counselor afterwards.



can't wait 😍 kinda mad I know were gonna finish it in a day tho 😂😂
Omg I had goosebumps and just so many tears especially the funeral scene!
legitimately got emotional I couldn't look at the screen the whole time LOl
I just watched the Gilmore Girls trailer and I aM SOBBING



I'll always be me love ❤️ I'll annoy you one day lol
today thank u for being u
idk what I did but you're welcome 💕lol
thank you so much for everything ❤️️



go to bed!!
WHO U TELLIN
smh
Lmfao i stayed up knowing i have to open tomorrow, for this



all three of my dogs and I are on our way to fight
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
we're over
I'm going to get crucified for this, but it needs to be said:Dogs are overrated.



our solution is meant for mobile strategists to help drive engagement within their apps. You can DM us to learn more.
Sure. Thing is, I'm not an app developer. I run mobile strategy for a DSP, so I guess I'm just curious how I got on your list.
We're always testing creative ways to reach out to people, sorry the offer didn’t resonate with you. Thanks for your feedback!
thank you for wasting all that packaging and postage to send me an iPad box containing only an ad for your product....but why?



🙄 cmon
oops lol
still waiting for you to visit me
still waiting for brett eldredge to accept my thirst date



correction... don't
😂💀 see you in class?? Do let leave me hangin.. again 😑
quit complaining before I pop off on twitter
Don't air out your dirty laundry, handle it in private. Twitter is not the place 🙄. So many people are doing it now days thinking it's cute.



all past tense now lol
all that , still lost the finals .
lemme have a 2 time mvp, 4 all stars, the only unanimous mvp ever, 2 of the 3 best players, the 3 best shooters, I hate people lol
73 wins and no ring means nothing .R: No #DubNation slander especially if yo team didn't win 73 games last year



sick
of course
can having a period every month substitute for this?
you are not a man until you pee blood from your penis



oh fuck that I've tried
it's a method I like to call: "I have no emotion"
you made it to October 26 without a mental breakdown....teach me your ways freshman
just listened to wanted man by Cash 9 times in a row bc I forgot the song existed &amp; now I'm having mental breakdown # 1 of the semester YEET



thank you. He will be missed.
my Dad told me under estimate the middle aged lady at your peril!!! haha... Also sorry to see the passing of your cat
I think you seriously underestimate the # of middle aged women who are hardcore Beliebers #creepy
Why is #JustinBieber still a thing surely 7 year old girls should have moved onto the next talentless Disney twat by now #SheffieldIsSuper



hey ya, thanks!! :)
hey you wanna go to the zoo this winter break?
hi invite me 🙋🏼
I sense an Oregon Zoo trip when I get home for break to meet the new lil giraffe and Nora the polar bear



bet - I'm 99% sure you'll get hired too lol it's easy money too $12.25 too start off - after 3 months $13.50
I did the other day. Just waiting for an email or a call or something.
apply to Amazon lol
Dunkin needs to stop hoein me and let me start working already.



how sway? I need to lose 30 period.
I gotta lose about 30 more before I go home for TG. I had to tame my sugar crave. I got it under control now
oh it's lit. Congrats boo. I really need to do SOMETHING.
I lost 8lbs in 7 days eating only salads, Turkey meat, grilled chicken breasts, grapes, and 2 gallons of water a day.



I'm currently writing a book about robot boobs called Breastworld. I'd like you to review it.
?
I based the Walk to Remember on a different walk that was equally memorable. I was with a dame. She probably was wearing a sweater.
. Ask me anything about A Walk to Remember.



I hope you're able to overcome the fatigue and have a great day
feeling okay... working to get rid of this fatigue
Morning Jamie, how are you?
Morning!



proud of you love ❤️🤘🏽
nope!! Nothing ☺️
no weed?!
Tomorrow will make 300 days of complete sobriety from ALL drugs. So proud of myself 😁😁😁😁😁



MINE TOO
fun fact: the best grilled cheese I've ever had in my life was vegan
how about vegan grilled cheese
I have a lot of strong feelings about grilled cheese



she's working silently. My second baby did all his work in my sleep, I woke up my plug was coming out &amp; 9cm dilated - I was 😳
I'm ready but she's still not making any signs of appearing anytime soon 😒 just chillin on my bladder lol
you're having a baby!
Peed 400+ times last night so I feel like I didn't even sleep



most people eat then cheesecake
yeah, the portions are massive and completely lacking in any seasoning other than pepper, but you can
i have never gone there
you can get actual meals at the cheesecake factory???



I've got other recs too, if need be. But start with Darin. He's great. 📸
thank you!
will get whatever look you're after. He's got a great eye.
I need a v good photographer based in Minneapolis, who's available sometime between now + next Friday. It's for a cover shoot. Pls RT!



I'm in tears lol
just wait. I just finished 7!!!
SEASON 7 EPISODE 9 WTF
Vampire diaries, season 7, episode 6. I can't with my emotions rn



the man has insulted and discriminated against the disabled, races, religions, nationalities, women! Send him to Washington!
that's a good point, I hope you are correct. Hard to understand how we have to keep debating the case against Trump.
Wow! Trump+2! On one hand this is bad. On the other hand it's good because it'll make people go vote!
did you hear about the latest Bloomberg poll from Florida? How anyone can see that man as fit for the office... crazy!



cloak the racism in "White Nationalism" and all of a sudden it becomes a lot more palpable.
the weirdo Nazi groups are as expected - it's the people who might pass for normal who are shocking.
I DVRed it. Haven't finished watching it yet. Was at the point where he was interviewing the second guy.
I watched "Hate Rising" last night. Highly recommended. The corridor scene with Ramos and the Trump Camaign says it all. #NeverTrump



yes please 💜
love you 💗 let's catch up soon! Missing ya!
awwww thank you Jackie 💜
😍💗🔥 you're profile pic...you so gorgeous!



i can see your face now! 😂
fr thooo, I seen a pic of this bitch on fb n I just cringed the rest of the day.
you're dumb 😂😂 pineapple head
I'm srry but ur so ugly with ur pineapple headed ass 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 can't help it



baselayering
moar coats give the bike shed a more robust look
meh. Everyone knows you should pai t it 23 times.
Imagine painting the same bikeshed 16X!!!



yea come Chloe
dang I think imma come
yea he not here yet
are you in class?



too bad, ciseaux...
roche
roche papier ciseaux?
Je veux, pis en même temps je veux pas.



There was Pokemon The Musical featuring cast members from Wicked and The Book of Mormon!
If there was I'd be more likely to watch DBZ
Why is there no Dragon Ball Z The Musical?






But 90s and before started this
2000 on gave us Ye, Gambino, Eminem (not a big fan but I respect the wordplay and flow) some Outlast, The Clipse
debatable
2000-2016 rap&gt;all of 90s rap



na its sick
its so ugly
same.
Have to leave conversation when I'm sent the cx face



No bitch you cook your own dinner since you know how to cook so well😂
then cook me dinner tmrw night
I don't need to learn😴 You got me messed up lol
bring you over, I'll teach you how to cook 😭💀



we DMd you
i was told i need my great grandparents' birth certs? &amp; proof they weren't us citizens till after my grandfather was born?
we agree! Let us know if you need any help finding Italian documents or verifying eligibility
found out since I am 3rd gen italian-american I can apply for italian citizenship so why not 🇺🇸❤🇮🇹



I get that, yup. I think we all get near the border sometimes, and step back or walk away. Some days are not THE day, right?
thanX hey I think it's more for me not being brave enough only rarely I get near the border ... like stage fright :)) 💛✨🐝
I like what you write, no fluff that I've ever seen!
gad I'm full of itfluff I honestly wish one day just once I can write like squealing rubber burning spin out of control n not look back



thank you for watching the videos :)))) I'm gunna be broadcasting more when I am on the road ! But I'm gunna use periscope:)
I miss you too! I miss watchin your broadcasts I still listen to your music a lot and watch your youtube videos every week tho
miss u !
same exept I started being lazy



lol I'll get food
Bitch i would I'm in class
eatt
Currently starving



Darn! 😔 I bet! This girl sure misses the L,K! Are you staying in my old room? Haha!
If its about you then you have no worries!! Lawrence sucks without you! I miss my Jenny (forest gump voice)
what if it's about me? Ayz jk! Hope the L is treating you well. 👍🏽 miss my Apache!
I love how I say something about my tradition and my family is the first to write something on FB hahaha



she was cleared by DOJ/FBI on emails and the private personal ones stolen by a hostile foreign State aren't even her emails
the 'baggage' is all from a relentless misogynistic cottage witch hunt industry press freely regurgitates. It's a gauntlet
no because she has 30 years of political baggage, lots of complex relationships/conflicts, and a serious email problem...






cause people let social media control them like god damn this ain't real life lmao
on gawd loll like I still fwu bro 😂😂
b butt hurt cause somebody unfollows them 😂😂😂
Why ppl be so tight when you ain't following them on here



nah you'll be okay. Unless the clowns come.
Then anyone could just sneak in and get me!
easy peasy don't lock the doors.
It infuriates me that I have to use my key to unlock my door to leave my apartment.



the shit 85 questions bruh
i just woke up and by the time i get to class the test gone end 😭 so fuck it.
why you not here 😭
cant wait for the next #Pangea 😎😈



what r u sorry for im scared
im sorry nhi
ehat
sorry reiP



like an animal in captivity
I'd just kill her pimp and set her free
That shit would fucking suck
What if my soulmate was a prostitute 🤔



I miss you too 😍 I hope browns everything you hoped for and more 😍
aww, I miss you❤️❤️
you avi 😍😍😍
so blessed to have my mom as my best friend, wow



and Utah lost too. Big day for you
nothing crazy but hopefully it wasn't a total disappointment... Like the Warriors.
had to come check your twitter feed as soon as I saw the score this morning.
So how about that Warriors super team! Whoa! Super, indeed!



nah nah thats your upper lip
srry but that's you that stankkk😷
nobody wants to talk to your smelly ass
someoneeee talk to mee🙂🙂🙃



this doesn't even make sense stop
ditto
I love dogs more than you
dogs are beautiful and perfect i love all of them



substitute for fresh whale oil then
goshhh cod liver oil?😥
rosemary tea w cod liver oil. Try it sometime.
Look at my asthma being a cunt☺.



you got jumped by some dudes wearing vineyard vine? Lol
niggas tried to jump me 😂
it's lit!!!!!!!
Just knocked my first racist Athens frat boy out. 😂😂😂😂😂 how y'all gone try to jump me cause your girl asked to come home with me?🤔🙄😂



learn something new every day!!
well I tested the theory...it worked! Hopefully it does next time, and the next time,  and the next time, etc...lol.
they actually did a study. Walking through doorways makes your brain reconfigure. If u go back2 previous room, u'll remember 😆
#WhatImGoodAt forgetting why I walked into a room. I'm not just good at it, I excel.



lol no
Hopefully Not In The DFTG Segment :D
EP 28 this Thursday!!!
I Apologize, Johnny. #Rebels Beat The Helicopter Sabers With "Ezra Won The Clone Wars". Looking Like 3 Good Eps This Season



why don't u promote more dvbbs :/
And I don't wanna sound mean or anything.. It's just not the right way to approach anyone..
Did you know that spamming your song on my mentions won't even get me to open your song?
Did you know that following me 10 times on Soundcloud will not get you a follow back? If I like what you make, you'll get followed I promise



I'll be sitting down there at 7:29 lol
yessss meet you in the lobby dobby...at 7:30 lmao
so Curtis or nah?
Or maybe if I went to bed at a decent time it wouldn't be so bad 🙂🙃🙂🙃



yeah its acc ridiculous, now she cant get back in :(
sort your fansites out!!!
and they kicked my friend cus she glitched sigh
power tripping and changing answers mid way through the event



I DMed them to u
I can't read his tweets - as he protects them for his cronies &amp; pushers!!
read his tweets
I had lot of respect for your democracy struggle, but asking players to stop #PushUps takes away all that! #CantBeMoreRidiculous



lol I ain't gone do it. That could really go either way. All depends on who defense wants it more
yessir !
Eagle vs Cowboys?
Will be taking bets on the game Sunday



Dallas Cowboys?
you offering? 👀 our anniversary coming up 😊
👀
I need a Cowboys shirt. somebody hook me up



Thanks Connie.
Oh. Hope you like that.
I'm retired now.
Do you work for CBS News?



story of my life
too late fam
rich bring me a davys juicy "burger"






stfu
no one asked for your opinion
stfu
I GOT FAKE PEOPLE SHOWIN FAKE LOVE TO ME



I'm wide awake cause I'm at work, keeping the world safe &amp; saving lives, lol 🏥🚨🚑💻☎☕🎈👻🎃👑😘🐣💞
Still wide awake &amp; got to be up in three hours watching Cher on YouTube 😴
good night Terri, sleep well 🌛😴💤🎃👻🎈😘🐣💞
Good Night Karen 😴💤💙✨😴💤🌙💙



add me on snap so I can see them when you done kfree112
thank you .
they going to look good on you 😍😍😍
I change my mind I'm getting Feed in Ghana Braids 🖖🏽



friendship over smh
idk yet lol
what's mine
If I gave you a nick name just know that I like you



ugly duckling syndrome unite
😘😘😘
same but it's k because now I have u :D so I win
I remember early in high school I couldn't get a date to save my life.



going toward Opelika lol
😂😂 which side of the interstate were you on
heard your loud ass going up the interstate earlier 😂
You do what you do and you pay for your sins and there's no such thing as what might have been



yes, we'll have to figure something out!
dang! Fantastic question. I guess we would have to agree to wait for the next one on 12/24, yeah?
woah, if we did wager something, what would we have done?!
we wagering on this game? 🏈



I'll text you around 10:30, looking for a super professional and persuasive set up. Almost like a campaign.
that's a real time crunch, but I can try &amp; put something together for you. What are the specs?
and by free, I just mean available. I'll double your fee if you do your worst. And if we can do it by the end of October?
, you have some free time?



what are you expecting for Wiggins and LaVine this season? We already know Towns da GAWD
He's really fucking good, and even better when teams employ drop back schemes on him
Dude... Dame is gonna be even more amazing this season? He was putting up a few from Curry range last season...
Portland's system similar to ATL's cultivates passing. Plumlee made insane strides there last yr. AFA &amp; Harkless threw some beauts tonight



nana the troll 😂😂
yes! I got her some. My nana was giving her soda 💀
sparkling water does the trick too.
It's so stupid you're "supposed" to drink soda for upset stomachs but coke &amp; sprite have so many mg of sugar so if you're diabetic...



try a microwave
darn it :/
uh no don't think so
can you make hot chocolate in the oven



sounds like fun
Thanks! Plan to lunch with best friend and have lots of girly talks 😀👍
Happy Birthday Rose hope you have a fun day.🎂🌟🌹
8:38 AM over here and IT'S MY 🎂DAY! Can I please 🙏 get a 🎂day tweet? Love from Belgium 💖💋



oh shit sick i'm going to the inglewood one next wednesday
We are going to Sac!!
which show!
Going to see Kanye. 🙂



lol be careful there were a few times I definitely just stayed sleep 😂
I've never trusted myself to wake up but I'm gonna try it lol 😅
I've always went with sleeping early and waking up early to study.
cant decide whether i want to go to sleep now and wake up at 4:30 or study till 5 and then go to sleep



I'm so sorry, but I am glad you have generator now!! We lost a dock and a boat in the hurricane! Downed trees, but no damage to hous
I did have a significant amount of damage. Still out of electricity..I was loaned a generator this past weekend. Blessing!
did you have a lot of damage?
Last night was first night back to work since the hurricane.I'm feeling it. #nurselife



you can do it babe!
trust me I know...
we have a test today too 😂
If algebra was a person... I would take its mom out to a nice seafood dinner AND NEVER CALL HER AGAIN.



I'm sorry, babe. Wish I could do something to help.
away. 😔
Did you try taking some ibuprofen?
It fucking hurts to even lay my head down. God.



well you all leave them unlocked tho. But damn. That's still fucked up
cops are here rn. They got my dads, lindsis, the neighbors etc
stop leaving your car unlocked!!
Just went out to my car to get my charger and the door was left open and it was tore apart from someone going inside it. I'm livid rn






lmfao she is really pretty
. ;)
It's fucked up how even after he tried choking her his mom is acting hostile on my friend as if it was her fault.



That locker room knows what Brock is. For sure.
I really don't think they know. Honestly. I don't think they know.
He plays, its not for football reasons. Play the other guy. Find out. Stay with Brock, lose the team. They know.
Starting today, any Brock excuses needs to stay off my TL. He needs more time, not big enough sample size or any other bullshit Go elsewhere



oh okay. You going to ou Friday ?
I actually don't know lol. My friends here going to ou for Nia and them party. I can find out what the party is for you though
what's the move Friday I'm pulling up lol
Wth am I gonna be for HallOSUween 😩



I'm soooo happy for ya kev, you were def in your element🤑
I'm so happy rn 😭
YOUR SNAPS TONIGHT!😭😭😭 I'm soooooo jealous
Oh. My. God.



shooot me i been kickin it yenno school n work
my main savage! How you been man?
savage
No one can tell a story in a song as well as Eminem, don't @ me



that makes so much sense lmaoooooo
Wyees
😂😂 who
I hate having to beat the fuck out of here thief ass friends we got



what in the actual fuck
the only big ken we know 😩😩😩 Reece
big ken from where ??
Wtf man RIP Big Ken 😔😔😔



I'm still traumatized from my qualifying exams. I can't even get to the dissertation in my dreams.
wow how awful!!
"We made a mistake and you don't actually have a degree."
Had a distressing nightmare last night in which I had to defend my dissertation again



lol I gotchu I'm bout to start watching this
Show: "How to Get Away with Murder," I don't have to even explain this one, you just sleep if you don't watch it but catch up on Netflix.
Movie: "Tears of the Sun" Navy go to save a doctor in Africa but she don't want to leave all the ppl behind so they basically go to war.
Show: "The Blacklist" this man was on the most wanted list but turns himself in to the FBI, but you'll have to watch to see why. He so smart



LMFAO 😭
this was me today. again. 😂
still makes me laugh
im callin in dead for work.



Have a great day
:)
Morning
Mornin'



I know, too close! I hope the top 3 lineup put up some numbers tonight too! #WorldSeries #CubsvsIndians #bittersoxfanforlife
Thanks Peach! He almost hit one out last night!!
I'm honestly hoping Schwarber smashes one out of the park for you tonight! ⚾️ #WorldSeries #schwarbersmash #bittersoxfanforlife
Coolest foul ball catch run into the OF from Baez #LetsGoCubs #CubsvsIndians #WorldSeries



it will👍
Thanks Jake. I need luck on my side. I have the practice and planning. Now I just need a deer within range and hope it pays off
good luck👍
The deer are moving and getting dropped! My turn comes Wednesday evening, Thursday eve through Friday night. Yippie! Will have a guide. Yeah



hit that h &amp; m or forever 21. You'll find something
already in the mall
go to the mall
can't find anything to wear for this weekend at all n it's stressing me out



make me
ooooooooooh shut up
i'm done with the games , being off and on, petty arguments, like i'm done this is it for me lol.
been thinking about this a lot, there's one woman who knows me inside and out, up and down, and my new focus is to give her the world



"only" 😂😂😂 Why him 😂 Why not like Braun or someone lmaoooo
he's like 34.... only like double my age lmao
bre, Let's sit down and talk about the fact that you have a crush on a 30sum MARRIED man who is obsessed with his derpy fur babies.
he said "whenever I ask my dogs if they're hungry, I say 'do u want ur deener'" 😂😂😂😍😭



Yes your Majesty
*opens lid* You ready to behave now?
But it doesn't come with a lid ya wanker!
#dearcustomer It is not necessary to ask for a discount. You are buying a red plastic bucket that costs 99c. It just makes you sound thick!



There's also very little about Bill Clinton, from what I've seen.
Well, there's little or no substantive discussion of her health - neither confirming the spin of her camp or otherwise.
Please go on, Ron.
If you think about it, what's absent from the Wikileaks emails is at least as intriguing as what's in them.



oh that's a trip! Based on the final score, seems like more of an omen, than a sign at this point eh?
just had a thought earlier, is the start time of 19:08 just sheer coincidence or did they do that on purpose???
Cubs!
Game 1 tonight! Who are you rooting for? #WorldSeries #baseballisthebest



SAME
no but like for realz I do too
YES!!! Also, FYI, I think of you pretty much every Thursday.😘
??? #GetFamousThursdays



the dog kept eating all the cats food, so when I figured it out and fed her, she inhaled her food.  5 minutes later *ack*
I think she had too many treats. Damn kids. Lol
how weird, mine did too. But I'm not sure if it was a hair all or if she just ate too fast
My cat spit up for the very first time yesterday. She's over 2 years old so I was wondering when that shit would start. 😕



today is a new day. let's make this one prosperous &amp; productive ✨
😭😭😭 yesterday I ain't make it to none . I was stuck .
at least you're making it 👏🏾
I'm barely making it to class 😔



does the soul good
Lil John Mayer for the morning
need some company ?
Perfectly lonely



you'll be on a whole new level of greatness and you'll probably be tied with beer on joes "love scales" if you like biggie
for some reason I'm scared lol
Notorious B.I.G.
I need new music to listen to.. suggestions anyone?



you'll be alright, just have a shot of bourbon chased with a pumpkin spiced latte. It will help
you would 😑 lol Enjoy your weather. ⛄️️ I need a flight to a 90 degree island stat! 🌴☀️
it sure did, and I love it. It was almost 90 degrees like 4 days ago.
Cheeszus fall arrived late but quick. ⛄️ 👻



Good, fine as frogs hair, can't complain...not gonna complain!✨💫🍂🍁. And you? How are you?!😘
so the question was, how are YOU TODAY.😊
You ought to see the peeling bark on the northern White Birch and Silver Birch au naturals 💕💕💕
good morning glory.  Isn't that bark art work cool?



god you sellout
five million dollars
how much money did this tweet make you
do you like podcasts? check out draft kings so you can squarespace your audible dot com and enjoy a blue apron shave, whenever you sleep



them shits don't work 😂
💀 you need to take some sleeping pills
fuck it 😂🤘🏾
you never sleep 😝



no not hot I just can't get comfortable 😫
then get to it 😂 or is it hot asf in your room too 🤔😭
same
Need to get some sleep



no it's like everyone:/
Yes!!! But I'm not the only one.. A few of my other friends from cal poly said they updated a week ago and its still there
emergency contact?
there's a hold on my account so I can't enroll for classes... and I only have 2 days to do it smh



oh that's what that last tweet said lol
Lol not even close
😂😂😂😂 you tuff as nails ain't you
it feel good to know I can have any nigga I want 🙂💅🏾



i may just come back. Who knows. Haha
get your master's &amp; PhD and come back mister!!
that is the truth, unfortunately
If your goals consist of you leaving Guam and never coming back, you're part of the problem.You can't improve something from the outside.



yes lol lush put stop while there too of course
lol but really, guess I'll have to go jean shopping
booty gains be like
Putting on jeans for the first time in forever and realizing you no longer have jeans that fit 🙈



it's crazy how small we are when he starts zooming out 😳
yes cosmos? Lol
lol the one on Netflix ?
Watching a show about space and my mind is blown. There's no freaking way we are the only ones in the universe, we are just a tiny speck



you letting out all the cold air
why 👀
keep them closed
Dms opennnnn



we were coming from the forum in carlsbad😭😭😭 I was like wtf you're about to get a ticket for being dumb
...yellow deli trip I'm guessing?
he was so shook that when the cop said where are you coming from and where are you headed he replied "I'm going to vista from vista"💀
Mo ran a red light 2 seconds before it turned green trying to act cool and literally .2 seconds later a cop pulled him over



haters gone hate. Fuck em
Yes! It's crazy
over one game!? 😂
Warriors haters twitter off the chain right now



yes, I noticed sometimes before I can respond to a tweet it disappears
censorship of conservatives it's all over the place on here and Facebook especially if you tell the truth about Islam and refugees
strange
So Twitter wouldn't let me retweet something important so I liked it and it just disappeared from my likes WTF



Thanks
okay i'll meet you halfway on this*ug*
...maybe
Does anyone else need the word "hug" typed in between a pair of asterisks? Apparently I am giving those out this morning. Just let me know.



Yes!  Even in this sentence, the way his disgust with the world hijacks direct address.
LOVE this speech, and students' faces as they explore it. A macabre blazon :)
"Advance thee, O thou terror to fat folks, To have their costly three-pil'd flesh worn off As bare as this..."
Instead of a song, I have this, from The Revengers tragedy, in my head this AM--Vindice addressing the skull of Gloriana:



u got this fam💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
i aint taking this L 😤
lit
The longest game of checkers ive ever played.



people will make competition of anything over time, esp. over such a large/diverse area over 1000 years
i suppose so, its just an interesting concept, competing at reading a couple thousand year old book.
ain't that what spoken word is tho?
i just learned there are qu'ran reading competitions. im not gonna knock the hustle but how can you be better at reading than someone else?



yeah yeah, they kick the season off in April!
must have missed it... they play again soon right?
did you dvr it??
Looking for the dodgers game on my TV guide...



grambling hall
Wya ?
👀
Match anyone ?



yay! I will! Talk soon! Love you too powerful lady!! 😘
awww miss you papito 😘😘😘 sure. Email ymania at gmail dot com. We'll hook something up. Love you 😘😘😘
hi hi, can we have a kakao chat or an email chat soon - need your advice and wisdom!  Alofa tele atu 😘
We don't want marriage equality - just decriminalization. U heteros can answer to God 4 fucking up marriage with your divorces and shit 😎😍



what up sick
hiiiiii
👋🏾
Good morning #CowboysNation 🙌🏼



he gone be dead next let em know please thanks😭👌🏾
yea his phone dead
hey my homeboy round you still ?
What is it to do on the Tuesday



you too 😊😊😊
Heyy, I hope you have a good day 😊
just wanted to stop through and say heyyy
It was so hard getting out of bed this morning 😩



you are an Italian that's never been to Italy.
whatever you say prince Alex
you are so gay
I feel the sudden need to watch all 3 high school musicals



meaning, they may as well not have a password in the first place, oh and this isn't for some little website... but for 🇨🇦🏢🇨🇦
problem with security questions is people putting in real things like Brocolli and LEGO and then talk about those things 1/2
you can use the veggie that is green and looks like a flower ? Toys well you are on your own for that 🙄
Oh FFS... Self-service password reset... Using security questions 🙄1: favourite childhood toy2: Your favourite meal🔥😡🔥



I'll pull up tomorrow n even heel flip that hoe😤
nah son only till u can Ollie off my front stairs
lemme get some
Oh I just got hooked up with some dulce tamales and some chicken ones this is gonna be a good night



not tomorrow, November 23rd 😁
so you are going tomorrow?!
YAAAAS
Kanye is gonna be so fucking lit I swear to gawd!!!



well, I'm not talking baseball. I'm talking real Indians in North Dakota.People as mascots = bad
Naturally, I should like Chicago. However, I just can't stand the despicable Cubs owners.
I hope the #Indians win today in #StandingRock #NoDAPL :)
If the Indians win, I may actually have to do a pub crawl in Cleveland!



oh man that sounds like me as hell
I know and I was asleep for 6 of them! She electrocuted herself trying to fix a TV b/c she couldn't afford a repairman
wtf you had it for like 8 hours
Emma's sim just died rip



Yea.  I believe it's either his back or leg.
thatd be a big deal
Heard Bennie Logan is still out. That's big
This week is going to be real tough for Dak Prescott and Zeke. This PHI DL is legit and division rivals just make it tough for you



srry I'll go this way 👉🏼
plz get out of my mentions
freshhhhmaaaannnn
Bought an 8 packs of full sized doughnuts and a half gallon of milk for dinner at 10:52 at night cause yanno college



The God I follow is a BIG G not a little g the little g I followed (money, power, selfishness etc..) before the BIG Jesus came.
takes people searching the truth in everything. History, the gods you follow, holidays you celebrate, and perception vs reality
Perfect!  "Comfortable lies" It takes a dad to do that, moms hide children from harshness more often. "protection mode always on
GREAT DAY TO COMPETE... Stop protecting your youth from the harsh truth in the world. Protect them from the comfortable lies.. #StayPositive



Bronze is in this season
lol I came third still got a medal
did you lose?
Lol guys I just did a race in Olympus where the first Olympic Games were wbu?



Switch or Hand Jane....CHOOSE!!!!
It's a cop out Jane. Back in our day we would get the shit kicked out of us. Now, parents pacify children.
I think young people have been raised to feel guilty about their middle-class life instead of being raised to try to achieve more
Do folk even know nor care Jane?



it's decent. But imo, SAO 1 was better.
Lame. I'm more into the virtual world part of SAO.
meh. SAO 1 was better. It's a lot more real world than virtual for Kirito. Not a huge fan.
Is Sword Art Online 2 worth watching



when do NYR play there
i would Sell my soul to the devil to go ... I would WALK there SHSHSH
I will 1000% join you
I want to go to a game in Edmonton more than anything.



he was suppose to have that bp tournament, I'm about to die when he finally gets it together
fuck I haven't ran it with Juan in a min 😂 I'll hit you up when we do
when y'all having bp?Y'all need to stop acting Jewish and hit me up.
A1 since day 1.



that's the worst argument I've ever heard.
tomatoes on sandwiches are shitty. Tomatoes on/in other stuff is fine.
but you don't like tomatoes....that's worse.....
If you like mayo, please unfollow and then block me, you nasty idiot.



in on this
yes please!!!!
✋
I need lady friends around here that'll do lame movie and wine nights.



like really, I'll take a nap or something but today I'm just up like its normal.
I'm not even sleepy lol usually when I get off work I be tired
girl that's what I be thinking lol.
exactly I just got off at 12 wtf have I been doing since then



honestly going to grind as many GBs as possible once the org is sorted. Singles seem great if you can't get FT GB's
yeah its a clear 1v1 for flame nades, dropshot usually. Maps like lift are very interesting as well :)
really? i may have to start grinding those
Singles is actually the best on GoW4, reminds me so much of GoW2. Couple of wack maps for it but overall &gt;



not as interesting as picking sex toys, but interesting in how quickly they onboard 1k emp &amp; no structure to their warehouses
thanks. Will check it out.
had to google that one. Interesting Bloomberg interview on being an Amazon picker
2016 conversations: "What do you do besides Uber?" "I'm a picker at Amazon." "A what?" "I pick products at Amazon. There are weird ones."



stop being like this
😑
miss you too
I miss my other half. 😔



don't yell
dammit jordyn you didn't respond so i totally forgot #yourfault
and never texted me and shit
i'm up at 3am practicing my costume makeup. 😅 wide awake and shit



Ik I will be playing IW variant if that doesn't go good I'll be become a coach, and bro don't give up you have talent and ambition
I need this
I'm right here bro wassup
Need a coach / confidence booster to gas me up 😂



have class ☹️️
let's go to Woodbridge
si
are you home



Facts. Ugh that's annoying af. I'm sorry 😕
that happens to me everytime like its too early 😭🙄
lool i hate that. Like you know you're not soft and it's making you seem like that. That happens to me every several cycles
When i get my period anything makes me cry, shit mad annoying



.
"Getting sick of your shit, Kane" *RKO OUTTA NOWHERE*. Sounds like something Randy would do.
Kane has been VERY NAUGHTY as of late. He's HOLDING Randy back. Thus, an RKO was a suitable alternative.
Wait, what, RKO to Kane?!?! #SDLive



it's definitely a nervous habit I've had since forever and I just can't ever stop myself like the minute I see them
and I still pick and them and it takes every inch of my body to stop myself to this day but it's been a year and I'm so happy
I bit my nails for 14 years straight and there's honestly no way to stop it. Especially it it's a nervous habit which mine was
someone stop me from biting my fucking nails dude ughhhhh



only a hop skip &amp; a jump from "why I quit my job at the fed to travel the world, and why you should too – before it's too late"
It's (so far) a lot of stuff about bank culture, which is actually kind of interesting where my job is concerned.
hope it's not a buncha articles on "boosting creativity" and why taking cold showers is great
on Medium.



ios 10 has been confusing af i still don't understand it all
idk what they're called I just got IOS 10 on my old phone and it's merely for whatever people have been playing?
the what?
if somebody wants to play some of those iOS 10 game things hmu



?
ik hes the realest uk rapper
what you know about stormzy? Lol
Stormzy is the realest



Livingston
where's that lease at?
im going Sunday just to see if anything comes out and to blast the hogs that have been on my shit
Ready to get in the deer stand already!



ya girl just ain't got the juice, no more.
To say the least 😑
unimpressed, huh? 😂
I heard that snippet 😑😑



that sounds Fucking terrible lol
We usually work 8am-5pm. We just stayed an extra 9 hours tonight 😂
work in the nightlife, there's no restrictions lol
I don't always drink on Tuesday nights/Wednesday mornings, but when I do... it's when I just worked from 8am to 2am.



dito that how I be with Sofiá when she gets up in the middle of the night and won't go back to sleep
I been ready to fight her since 5am she wouldn't go back to sleep 😩but she sleep now so I'll keep her 💜😂
dito don't do her like that 😂
Anybody wanna borrow a 20 month baby girl old for the day? Bc I'm not dealing w her. 🤗



I'M COMING BACK IN JANUARY! 😁😁😁
UH OH GUESS YOU HAVE TO COME SEE SNL AGAIN THIS SEASON !!!
I WAS THINKING ABOUT THAT TODAY AND I GOT SO SAD
.



when was this I'm so confused 😂😭
it was ridiculous 😂 and I drove with my foot hanging out the window all fucked up
wtf
Lol my best friend at the time got cheated on, we wrote on the guys truck..He started chasing us, I tripped and broke my ankle😂 #justmyluck



Within the cistern for authentic gargling voice fx. It ALWAYS thanks you when ur done. Eventually it becomes ur only friend.
where is the speaker?
A sentient urinal that gives idle chit chat in a German accent while you pee. Just spit balling here
What's the most futuristic toilet?



if you lucky
same price as a pair of yeezy?👀😩
you bout to pay a arm for them shits
I want a pair of human race sneakers where can I find them



ahh i got u
honestly idk I mean I guess I get what he means like I procrastinate a lot n I should stop it was a roundabout way of saying it
what kind of..... what
today my professor said that painting comes too easy to me I'm like .... john... Jonathan.... I've been working my ass off



I coach till 9:30 but I could drive up!
yes it is and yes I am! 😍
is that their Halloween party?  If you go I could maybe make an appearance 💕😊. I miss you!
will you be at the Phi Delts Friday???



my LS at the JBJ said she did too
well idk but mine did
Girl yeah.
Sooo.... did everyone on UAPB campus tv's loose signal?



I think you are the bee's knees, but no. I can't even go along with this.
😇😇😇
I see
I had the filthiest dream about one of my followers. Filthy. Like, I need to delete my account kind of filthy. It was THAT disgusting. Smfh



I bought you a fudge brownie. It counts as cake.
okay great. Now you can scream all the thank you you want. Wait there's no cake... keep it. Give me my happy birthday back 😐
alright Kiddo. 8 hours.
happy birthday kid. Read this in 8 hours



i'm near the gym fight me pussy
i'm waiting
I'll beat your ass 😂
jordan's fucking retarded



yeah there should be room. Usually the desks behind where i sit.
awesome! I was thinking about spending some time there to work on my schedule. Think there would be room for me?
yeah I do
you work Thursday ?



rightttttt lmfao
nah my lighting on my phone was all the way down LMAO
my selfies got bad lighting? Lol
bad lighting fit selfies &gt;



yes. Good night.
Are you finish for the night?
dont you all het tired calling half of the country racist?
You are a crazy man Trump, you speak without thinking what you are going to say. And your supporters are very racist.



Yeah!  That sounds like the Tracy in my timeline. 🍷🍸🍾
naw...already on my 2nd glass lol
Just one?
Whatever, I'm gonna uncork this bottle and have me a glass of wine.. 🍷



but just plain dinner is lame.. i like to have something sweet sometimes to. they get to eat what they want, why i can't?
💀💀 yeah but some people don't like when you like dessert... they just want you to like the dinner😂
💀💀
hate how y'all try to call me "fake gay" no.. trust &amp; believe vagina is wonderful to me, but so is your father. *HINT HINT* idiots



where you at
k babe.
bitch.
Just riding these ol dirt roads.



puerto rican eggnog shit is F I R E
what in the tits is a coquito
I fucks with coquito thoughhh. which is prob the same thing but who cares it sounds better lmao
Okay so I know we've had our differences on pineapples on pizza in the past but there's something else that needs attention... Eggnog



of every race say that word all the time to their friends. There should've been no repercussions, if there had to be then
they're not 5 year olds. Them repeating what they heard isn't an excuse. It does not matter if there was malicious intent.
nope bc evidently it was 1) a famous vine they repeated 2) there was no malicious intent 3) it was all freaking jokes
White girls singing about "niggers" stealing shouldn't have had to face any repercussions? .....



like if you forget to pack something
???
I have stuff here
So much to do before leaving for D.C. Ahhh



lmfao
i havent groped that ass in a While i need dat
I got u
Any hot chicks wanna let me touch their but today?



😍😘 on the 📞with IRS
🙄
u cute now
I'll be back cute in 2 weeks



Kenny's wife is white on top of that. U not gonna tell me u put a flag over the color of your skin.
Kennys black, not for him. Then Ernie joins in "I'd never, it's time to stand together we'll never be perfect so don't kneel"
what did these niggas say
Ernie lost a bit of my respect too, just when you think hey this white guy gets it.... nope



do you think this wouldve happened anyway if it was another driver stinkin it up like kyle has recently?
yes - although most (or some) of those are stand-alones anyway
and the dash for cash races too
My take on new rule - doesn't go far enough. Cup drivers will still dominate NXS. But happy they are out for Chase races #smallvictories



that's wassup 😬
working other than that living life you kno How that goes 😉
good 😬 wby
what's going on fooly how u been doing



gotchu
bet lemme borrow them
yea
Does anyone have white spandex‼️⁉️



appreciate that shorty, you too. ✅
You're beautiful ma !
wassup shorty. 🤗
avi 😍😍 hey boo



make sure I have a bed and seat saved next to you!
😍👌🏽im leaving today once I get off work
tomorrow
what day are you coming to Effie??



and then that mouse had the nerve to try to eat our kibble!  Let this be a lesson fur all the other mousies!  😼🔪🐭
I don't know what the mouse was thinking??  Why come into a house with 2 ferocious felines??
Yay, you great hunter. I’ve killed lots of lizards and bugs but never a mouse.
I killed a mouse today!  😼



what a piece of shit
he flashed us then we scored so he sadly put his shirt back on 😂#fuckhighline
I'm disgusted
There was a greasy kid at highline who was basically miles dipped in a bucket of ranch



cmd+opt+esc is good but still available via menubar
Seems the major complaints so far are from VIM users like yourself. I’m wondering how force quit is gonna work.
about 50 times today. Terminal vim user.
Answer me this fellow Apple peoples: how many times in the past year have you used the escape key?



literally never about that account, love it.
like 2 weeks ago and it's going as terribly as I remember, but Deg is still hilarious so it's ok
yo when did you get back on Twitter? Haha
what's up dad